 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-
shinde28 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Team Management
Program Management
Agile Methodologies
Languages
Marathi
English
Hindi
Abhishek Shinde
CEO Excelsior Group
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Summary
A passionate Sales, Marketing and Business Development
professional with proven ability to drive
business expansion through aggressive sales initiatives that deliver
revenue growth, market share, and market penetration.
Strategic thinker who can plan and implement sales, marketing, and
business initiatives to support
corporate objectives. Particularly strong relationship management,
team building, and general business acumen; verifiable track record
of success driving unprecedented revenue and profitability gains
within highly competitive organizations, industries, and markets.
Ambitious, aggressive, and intensely focused on bottom-line results.
Specialties:
- Account Development/ Relationship Management
- Pipeline Development & Funneling
- Value Added Customized Solution Building
- Forging Strategic Alliances & Partnerships
- Analyzing, Tracking, Forecasting & Budgeting
- RFQ/RFP Processing
- Negotiating win-win outcomes over long term contracts
- Penetrating new markets with sustained growth
- Expert interpersonal, presentation and listening skills.
- Proven track record of over-achieving sales goals
Experience
Excelsior Research
CEO 
July 2015 - Present (8 years 9 months)
Pune Area, India
Excelsior Research Pvt. Ltd. is a highly recommended Market Research and
ITES Company across the glove that offers a full range of services. We provide
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
a one stop solution for all your B2B Marketing related needs, irrespective
of the scale of your company. We are a leading ITES company providing
services like Market Research, Lead Generation, Demand Generation, Digital
Marketing, Appointment Setting Services, Software Development. Eight years
of experience equipped us with the confidence to overcome any situation. We
are proud of the learning we achieved through our journey with a passionate
and skilled workforce. We  endured, strived, and overcame covid turmoil.
For any quotes please write to me on business@excelsiorresearch.com
Exr Consultancy Services
Founder and Director 
April 2021 - Present (3 years)
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
We are a leading marketing and IT consultancy company providing services
like Market Research, Lead Generation, Demand Generation, Digital
Marketing, Appointment Setting Services, Software Development, IT staffing
and recruitment services across the globe.
For any enquires please write to me on
business@exrconsultancyservices.com
Exr Tech Solutions
Founder and Managing Director 
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
India
At, Exr Tech Solutions we build affordable custom software products ,
applications and operational systems for our clients. By applying the modern
design techniques, with the latest in cloud, mobile and desktop technologies
we provide a solid software foundation for your business.
We have a team of professional developers who have expertise in the latest
programming technologies like Php, Laravel, Magento, ReactJS, front-end
technologies like AngularJS, back-end technologies like Node.js to develop
custom and responsive website, web application and ecommerce solution.
For any enquires please write to me on business@exrtechsolutions.com
High Beam Global
Head-Sales and Business Development
June 2014 - June 2015 (1 year 1 month)
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Maintain cordial relationship with all the clients.
Maintain, track and report sales pipeline on weekly basis. 
Devise email and voice prospecting campaigns to generate high quality leads
to be pursued by US based sales resources Should ensure Quotas, Logic,
vertical & revenue checks as per project requirement.
Identify right party contacts by leveraging different market intelligence tools. 
Updates the records of potential clients and makes sure about the reschedules
of call are on time.
Develop and maintain different sales & marketing tools like corporate
presentation, service offering presentations, case studies & brochures 
Manage website review, revision and revamp activities.
Sends initial communication mails, company brochures related to specific
industry where we are targeting
iResearch Services Pvt Ltd.
Business Development Professional
May 2013 - July 2014 (1 year 3 months)
Maintain cordial relationship with all the clients.
Maintain, track and report sales pipeline on weekly basis. 
Devise email and voice prospecting campaigns to generate high quality leads
to be pursued by US based sales resources Should ensure Quotas, Logic,
vertical & revenue checks as per project requirement.
Identify right party contacts by leveraging different market intelligence tools. 
Updates the records of potential clients and makes sure about the reschedules
of call are on time.
Develop and maintain different sales & marketing tools like corporate
presentation, service offering presentations, case studies & brochures 
Manage website review, revision and revamp activities.
Sends initial communication mails, company brochures related to specific
industry where we are targeting.
QED Baton
Demand Generation Executive at QED Baton
August 2012 - April 2013 (9 months)
*Mapping global markets, capturing market intelligence and defining the target
market for Client product or services.
* Profiling companies across industries based on revenue, employee strength,
vertical etc. and defining target companies.
* Discovering Right Party Contacts in target companies.
* Mapping the IT Environment of target companies.
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
* Conducting surveys and identifying the right business opportunities from
target companies.
* Converting the right business opportunity/lead to an appointment.
* Find & verify right party contacts and contact information through web based
research techniques
* Lean and Agile methods
* Handle all aspects of software development including program and project
management, architecture, analysis, programming, testing and deployment
Hutchsion 3 Global Services (H3GS)
Team Coach
October 2007 - May 2011 (3 years 8 months)
Three might be the fastest growing UK network, but good service isn’t just
about size. It’s about speed and quality too. Which is why we also work hard
to provide the quickest and smoothest internet on the move. With affordable
pricing and plenty of ways to stay connected, it’s not surprising we’re such a
popular choice for smartphone and mobile broadband users. We’re committed
to improving things for our customers and it’s an attitude that’s reflected
throughout our business: every single person at Three believes we can
challenge, change and lead the mobile communications industry. We’re no
ordinary telecoms company. And this is no ordinary career. Things move faster
at Three.
Education
Symbiosis institute of Management Studies
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Business, Management,
Marketing, and Related Support Services · (2013 - 2014)
Wadias
Bachelor of Commerce (BCom)  · (2001 - 2006)
Nagarwalas
SSC  · (1991 - 2000)
 
Page 4 of 4
