 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amitarole
(LinkedIn)
www.techprescient.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Cloud Computing
Pre-sales
Software Project Management
Languages
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Amit Arole
Founder and CEO at Tech Prescient
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I have always been passionate about technology and how it impacts
the way we conduct our business.
I have built and led several successful teams delivering awesome
products for our clients. It gives me pleasure to see these products
deployed in the market and enabling the way our customers do
business. As a two-time entrepreneur, I have been innovative in my
approach and have been consistently delivering high value to my
customers. 
Skills
•  Entrepreneurship – Product Management, Team building,
Technology, Development, Finance, Legal, Customer Relationship
•  Sales and Business Development – Selling Product Development
services to large Technology companies and Startups eventually
leading them to increased revenue and better market positioning
•  Account Management – Account Farming and lead generation;
Prospecting, Proposal writing and providing compelling Value
Proposition, Reliable go-to-person for my customers to get the job
done!
Specialties
•  Product Development Engineering - Product Design, Development,
Deployment and Support using Industry best practices
•  Data Management – BI and Analytics, Machine Learning and AI,
Information Visualization and Reporting
•  Web and Mobile – Design, Development and Deployment on
several leading technology stacks and Cloud Infrastructures
•  Cloud Computing, Infra and DevOps using the right automation
and tooling on leading Cloud platforms
•  Security, Identity, Access and Privacy
•  Digital Transformation
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Experience
Tech Prescient
Founder and CEO
August 2016 - Present (7 years 8 months)
Tech Prescient is a focused, Software Product Development Services
company, deeply passionate about customer success! Quality and Customer
Delight is at the core of everything we do.
We have core expertise in the following areas:
- Product Development Engineering: Product Design, Development,
Deployment and Support using Industry best practices. Expertise in the entire
process right from UX/Design, Architecture, Development, QA and Deployment
with right choice of design and technology across various tiers.
- BI, Analytics, ML and AI: Data discovery, Ingestion, Orchestration, Quality
and Automation. Managing data at scale at rest or in-motion. Data governance
and access management. Data Insights and Data Visualization. Machine
Learning, Auto ML, NLP for text analysis, model building for classification,
regression and clustering.
- Cloud Computing, Infra and DevOps: Building and deploying Secured
and Scalable multi-tenant or hybrid applications and products ‘born in the
cloud’. Expertise in hosting infrastructures and AWS in-particular with a
thorough understanding of AWS Cloud Services and DevOps processes with
considerations to Security, access controls and Authentication protocols.
- Security, Identity, Access and Privacy: We are an Okta Certified Solution
Provider with expertise in deploying identity solutions on Customer Identity
management, Workforce Identity, data security and regulatory compliance,
RBAC solutions, SSO, MFA, and Federation and migration between IDPs.
What differentiates us is our obsession with the quality of work we produce.
Customers work with us because of our technical expertise, transparent and
agile processes and unflinching attention to details in our work. Client success
is at the core of what we do. 
We partner with our clients at all stages including ideation, design,
development, testing, deployment and support.
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Persistent Systems
12 years 1 month
Senior Director – Business Development
April 2014 - August 2016 (2 years 5 months)
- Managed Customer Relationship with a key client and multi-million dollar
revenue goal
- Opened new strategic partnerships and avenues leading to long term
consistent revenue growth and happy customer engagement
- Signed multi-year multi-million dollar deal for a new engagement with the
customer
Director - Business Development
October 2010 - March 2014 (3 years 6 months)
As Director of Sales, I managed our engagements with several ISV customers
with a clear goal and revenue target. I established our value proposition with
the prospects and ensured a follow through with the delivery teams for quality
deliverables. 
Signed up several new ISVs for product development services.
Senior Program Manager
April 2007 - September 2010 (3 years 6 months)
- Customer Relationship Management
- Project deliveries
- Pre-sales and Business Development
- Team leadership
- Technical and Functional contribution to the Projects
- Lead Project teams with prime emphasis on quality of deliverables
Technical Lead
August 2004 - March 2007 (2 years 8 months)
Technical contribution to Software Development, team leadership and
committed quality deliveries to the customer.
Groupool
Co-Founder
October 2015 - May 2016 (8 months)
Prior to Tech Prescient, I co-founded Groupool, a startup in the B2C domain
for Corporate Carpooling. I was responsible for all marketing activities and
Corporate Partnerships for our startup.
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Tech Mahindra
Sr. Software Developer
July 2001 - August 2004 (3 years 2 months)
As a Sr. Software Developer, I was responsible for developing a core module
for a telecom solution implemented in the call center domain.
Zensar Technologies
Software Engineer
1998 - 2000 (2 years)
Software Development
Education
Government College of Engineering Karad
Bachelor's degree, Mechanical Engineering · (1992 - 1996)
 
Page 4 of 4
