 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/apoorva-g-
suryavanshi (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
English
Communication
Engineering
Languages
French (Elementary)
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Telugu (Full Professional)
Apoorva .G Suryavanshi
Founder & CEO of Digital Shyna Educen
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
“The beginning is always NOW.”
The Founder and the CEO of Digital Shyna Educen, Have been
achieved a lot more things in different platforms with over 12 years
of experience. In Software, Digital Marketing, Branding, Graphic
Designing and in sales as well.  A fun-loving person, who loves
to travel and go on long drives when not working, The Apoorva's
main monologue in my life is “Push yourself, because no one else
is gonna to do it for you. "Being a woman in business doesn’t
come without challenges. My advice? Surround yourself with other
supportive team that encourage you, share ideas, and get you
motivated." "As a founder, lay all the possible scenarios -- from best
to worst -- in front of you, so you don’t get surprised when something
happens in your life.”  We connect to the students at the heart of all
that we do, the division of student affairs creates innovative learning
opportunities, We prepare the students to lead, serve and become
engaged member of a global society. 
What We Do?
We transform the skills of digital professionals globally, Digital Shyna
Educen have been stood as an best python institute with 100%
guaranteed job  placements in all over Hyderabad. At our Academy,
we have made it our mission to transform the skills and knowledge of
digital professional on a global scale. There are many core reasons
for this.
The first to advance the careers of marketers and sellers, the second
is to address the digital skills shortage to ensure business have a
capable and agile workforce. The final reason is to provide educators
with professional certifications that can nurture further generations.
We’re are very passionate, ambitious and we feel that our student
journey has just begun.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Digital Shyna Educen programmes and courses are designed based
on our student needs keeping in mind that we should raise up our
youngsters in a professional platform. DSE is also know as Best
Python Institute in Hyderabad at Banjarahills and as well as Digital
marketing institute at Hyderabad in Banjarahills. We are proud
to announce this, our students gave us a name as best python
institute and digital marketing institute in Hyderabad. We empower
our students with the real-world knowledge which they need to
succeed beyond the classroom. When you enroll in our courses
(Python Programming, Digital Marketing, UI/UX) you will receive an
education that you can apply for you life and career. Choose from
our Python programmes, Digital marketing and User Experience/
User Interface.
Experience
Digital Shyna Educen 
4 years 3 months
Founder at Digital Shyna Educen 
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Founder
January 2020 - November 2021 (1 year 11 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Ready Mediacom 
Manager
March 2019 - October 2019 (8 months)
Hyderabad 
Microsoft
Software Programmer
January 2018 - July 2019 (1 year 7 months)
Gachibowli 
Education
University of East London
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Master of Science - MS 
St. Joseph's High School
Master's degree, Cyber/Computer Forensics and
Counterterrorism · (2010 - 2013)
 
Page 3 of 3
