 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ashok-
komatikunta (LinkedIn)
www.linkedin.com/company/
eworld-it-solutions-pvt-ltd
(Personal)
www.eworlditsolutions.com
(Company)
Top Skills
Management
Screening
Recruiting
Languages
English
Hindi
Telugu
Ashok Komatikunta
CEO & Managing Director at EWorld IT Solutions Private Limited
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Like to Connect with more people, it will help me to reach out many
people
invite me @ linkedin
eworld.ashok@gmail.com
Human resources are the people who work for the organization;
human resource management is really employee management with
an emphasis on those employees as assets of the business. In this
context, employees are sometimes referred to as human capital.
As with other business assets, the goal is to make effective use
of employees, reducing risk and maximizing return on investment
(ROI).
For any queries related to job or looking for change contact me at
eworld.ashok@gmail.com (with attached resume)
Experience
EWorld IT Solutions Pvt Ltd
Managing Director & CEO
September 2016 - Present (7 years 7 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
eWorld IT Solutions started it’s recruiting services under eWorld IT Solutions
Private Limited. Seeing the growth rate in Human Resources Services in 5
years, it’s expertise in this field made eWorld as one of the most sought after
Human Resources company in INDIA. Our approach at eWorld provides
business solutions to our clients and focusses on providing resume screening,
search and filter candidates, selecting, staffing, staff augmentation and training
in India. At eWorld, we believe in providing customers with efficient and
effective human resource solutions on the back of proprietary delivery process
and mechanism.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Our focus on offering efficient and timely solutions to the customer has allowed
us to deploy over 8 resources across India in short span of last 1 Month.
We continue to deliver top tier talent across different industry verticals and
solutions. eWorld has many dedicated team based from Hyderabad.
DSS Software Solutions Sdn. Bhd.
Client Manager & Recruiter
June 2012 - August 2016 (4 years 3 months)
Taking requirements from Malaysia Clients & maintain client database.
Manage to convince the clients in person at their offices for the Vendor
Management.
Cold calling to companies to generate new business.
Take the requirements from clients and place the candidates into respective
technology.
Coordinate with clients and candidates.
Short listing the candidates sending mails along with interview call letters.
Posting the jobs in local portals.
Manage full cycle recruiting process to meet the various staffing goals across
all levels within 
multiple business units.
Create and implement Employment Marketing Strategies to attract passive job
seekers.
Work with hiring managers and interview teams to ensure job requirements
and Expectations are 
clearly understood and candidates are assessed against appropriate criteria.
Work closely with Hiring Managers to maximize effectiveness of recruiting
process.
Regular follow up with the respective hiring managers and candidates to
ensure timeliness of 
recruitment process.
Actively participate in all staffing related activities and engage in cross
functional projects.
Screening, interviewing, and recommending prospective candidates for
employment in entry-level and forwarding to experienced technical persons for
technical interviews
Education
Sri Chaitanya Technical Campus
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Human Resources Management
and Services · (2014 - 2016)
 
Page 3 of 3
