 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/b-b-
somani-3b8ab31 (LinkedIn)
www.gloima.com (Company)
www.abbeefill.com (Company)
Top Skills
New Business Development
Business Development
Strategic Planning
Languages
Hindi
Marwari
Marathi
Certifications
Best Entrepreneurs award 
B.B. Somani
CEO at Gloima Imaging Technologies
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Gloima Genuine Compatible Printer Cartridges are factory built and
composed of completely new components. None of the components
including, the outer case, have been previously used or refurbished.
This is in direct contrast to refilled/refurbished compatible cartridges.
As the name suggests, refilled/refurbished cartridges are not factory
built —they have either been composed of used parts acquired
from garbage vendors. The worn parts have been replaced and
toner powder or ink is refilled.  . . Since refilled/refurbished cartridge
is composed of a combination of new and old parts, they are not
synchronized and this results in bad, patchy printing. In comparison,
Gloima Genuine Compatible Printer Cartridges are a much better
investment that guarantees you quality printing
Experience
Gloima
CEO
July 2018 - Present (5 years 9 months)
Pune Area, India
Gloima Genuine Compatible Printer Cartridges are factory built and composed
of completely new components. None of the components including, the outer
case, have been previously used or refurbished.  This is in direct contrast
to refilled/refurbished compatible cartridges. As the name suggests, refilled/
refurbished cartridges are not factory built —they have either been composed
of used parts acquired from garbage vendors. The worn parts have been
replaced and toner powder or ink is refilled.  . . Since refilled/refurbished
cartridge is composed of a combination of new and old parts, they are not
synchronized and this results in bad, patchy printing. In comparison, Gloima
refilled/refurbished Genuine Compatible Printer Cartridges (GCPC)  are a
much better investment that guarantees you quality printing
AbbeeFill Cartridge Refill Station
Founder
January 2018 - Present (6 years 3 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Pune Area, India
Mplussoft India Pvt. Ltd.
Chief Consultant Adviser
March 2017 - Present (7 years 1 month)
Pune Area, India
Abbee Consumables and Peripherals Shoppe Ltd
Director
December 2003 - September 2014 (10 years 10 months)
Pune
Director
ABEE INFO CONSUMABLES LIMITED
CMD
December 1992 - November 2003 (11 years)
I was responsible for day to day affairs of the company. Planning , designing till
execution of the project. Marketing & Finance
Education
ILS Law college, Pune
Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.), Law · (1984 - 1987)
Institute of Management Development & Research
DMM, Marketing · (1985 - 1986)
University of Pune
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.), Advanced Accounting &
Costing · (1978 - 1984)
New English School, Takalibhan
SSC  · (1973 - 1975)
 
Page 2 of 2
