 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/debadutta-
mishra (LinkedIn)
www.innbits.com (Company)
Top Skills
Requirements Analysis
Requirements Gathering
SDLC
Languages
Oriya
English
Hindi
Certifications
MANUAL & AUTOMATION
TESTING
Debadutta Mishra
CEO & Founder at Innbits Technologies Pvt Ltd
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Debadutta is the Founder and CEO at Innbits Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Innbits is a next-generation Technology Services company, which
was born with a vision to make technologies easily accessible to
businesses. Originally founded in 2012 as RMS Security and IT
Solutions, Innbits today is the fastest growing IT services company
having head office at Bangalore, India, and branch offices in the
USA and UAE. Innbits was the vision of two young entrepreneurs
who contributed to 100+ successful digital stories during their pre-
entrepreneurship. Innbits offers a spectrum of technology services
that span Mobile Application Design and Development, Web
application Development, IoT Solutions, and Services and Solutions
around Trending Technologies.
Experience
Innbits Technologies Pvt Ltd
Founder & CEO
April 2017 - Present (7 years)
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
Debadutta is the Founder & CEO at Innbits Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Innbits is a next-generation Technology Services company, which was born
with a vision to make technologies easily accessible to businesses. Originally
founded in 2012 as RMS Security and IT Solutions, Innbits today is the fastest
growing IT services company having head office at Bangalore, India, and
branch offices in the USA and UAE. Innbits was the vision of two young
entrepreneurs who contributed to 100+ successful digital stories during
their pre-entrepreneurship. Innbits offers a spectrum of technology services
that span Mobile Application Design and Development, Web application
Development, IoT Solutions, and Services and Solutions around Trending
Technologies.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
FuGenX Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Sr. Solution Designer
November 2014 - April 2017 (2 years 6 months)
Bangalore
• Leading the US Sales team
• Provide technical support to the team
• Acquisition of new clients
• Involvement throughout various stages of sales cycle, from lead generation to
drive strategic  
sales results
• To initiate and develop high level relationships to engage directly with C-level
executives at  
organizations
• Analyze customer needs in terms of current business challenges, identify
opportunities and 
provide technical solutions
• Gathering functional requirements
• Carrying forward technical meets
• Closure and negotiations meetings
• Helping team members to achieve the target set forward
• Train team in E-mail Campaigns, cold calling, prospect qualification,
exploring and closing all 
revenue opportunities.
• Establish and maintain good customer relations
• Support activities that contribute to the overall success of the Sales Team
RMS Security and IT Solutions
IT Manager
June 2012 - October 2014 (2 years 5 months)
Bhubaneshwar Area, India
Education
Visvesvaraya Technological University
Bachelor of Engineering (BE), Computer Science · (2006 - 2010)
Visvesvaraya Technological University
Bachelor in Engineering, Computer Science · (2006 - 2010)
 
Page 2 of 2
