 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/deepesh-
vanjani-b3a46018a (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Everything
Analytical Skills
Strategic Data Analysis
Honors-Awards
Teen India
Deepesh Vanjani
Founder @Young Ceo Entertainment | Placement Coordinator
@College of Engineering, Pune (COEP)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Founder @Young Ceo Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
Specialisation in Operations and Supply Chain Management,
Business Analysis, Data Visualization and Cost Cutting/Budgeting.
Also hold an Advanced Expertise in Strategic Management,
Employee Payroll, Data Science & Business Development with a
Bootstapped Knowledge of Agile Methodologies.
Experience
Young Ceo Entertainment
Founder & Chief Executive Officer
August 2023 - Present (8 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
About Company - Young Ceo Entertainment is a platform for local street
artists, rappers, beat producers, and musicians to become their own CEO's
and distribute their music Independently instead of going through the
traditional way of approaching labels.
We bring them to major audio streaming platforms like Spotify, AppleMusic,
JioSaavn etc. where they Earn/Make their own Money. 
Audio stores do not work with artists directly, they only work with Distribution
Companies. 
YoungCeo Entertainment is the pioneer Music Distribution Company (Made
in India Pvt.) that enables artists to leave the hassles of distribution to us and
focus more on their art & creativity!
COEP Technological University
Placement Coordinator
January 2023 - January 2024 (1 year 1 month)
India
inGen Dynamics Inc.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Business Analyst
July 2023 - September 2023 (3 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Fikkar ™
Project Consultant
January 2023 - March 2023 (3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Devise a Market Research Plan - Collect Primary Data - Perform an Analysis
& 
Segmentation of the Market based on the data - Generating a Market Report
Cetking Education Pvt Ltd
Branch Manager
August 2021 - August 2022 (1 year 1 month)
Nagpur, Maharashtra, India
Maharashtra Metro Rail Corp Ltd.
Signalling Intern
July 2019 - August 2019 (2 months)
Nagpur, Maharashtra, India
Education
COEP Technological University
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business Administration and
Management, General · (December 2022 - May 2024)
Vellore Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Electrical and Electronics
Engineering · (2017 - 2021)
 
Page 2 of 2
