 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
devendrajoshimd (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Project Planning
Internal Audit
Financial Accounting
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi
Kannada
Devendra Joshi
Managing Director - Tetrawiis Technologies
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
A serial Entrepreneur with an acute passion for business and
enterprising. I started my career with an accounting firm as an Audit
Assistant while pursuing my CA and end up being a Founder and
MD of Tetrawiis Technologies - a Technology Integration Company
offerings its services ranging from Cyber-Back-up to IT Infrastructure
Projects. 
Strategising and building the business from the grass-root level
is the best thing I have done so far in my life. Currently, the role I
am playing with new ventures is a challenging and thoroughly new
experience.
Experience
Tetrawiis Technologies Private Limited
Managing Director
January 2018 - Present (6 years 3 months)
TETRAWIIS TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED 
Founder - CEO
March 2018 - Present (6 years 1 month)
BANGALORE 
This is been a great journey so far even before I publish today, that, I
have started my own venture, Tetrawis Technologies Private Limited - IT
Infrastructure Service Provider. From the concept, till making this company
a working entity I and my team has given, its full energy and forgone the
opportunities crossed our way. This team knew, that, it will be hard and
struggle to carry it to the next level from where we have started. But when we
all look back and see, yes we have done a reasonably good job. 
I am very much elated and determined to hold and carry this position and drive
the company towards the Vision it has set for. 
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Regards
Devendra Joshi
Edge Financial Consultancy.
Founding Partner
January 2016 - Present (8 years 3 months)
Financial Consultant
Asmithae Group
Group Chief Executive Officer
September 2019 - August 2020 (1 year)
Bengaluru, India
A new journey has started and a lot more work to do. Building Asmithae
Group from the ground up is a great task to start with. Now building it as great
Business and making it a big success is the responsibility we all carry on
our shoulders. Extremely humbled by the Trust put in my abilities by all and
presenting me with an opportunity to lead.
Asmithae Foodi Private Limited 
Director
August 2019 - July 2020 (1 year)
Bengaluru, Indi
Asiaa Data Pvt Ltd.
1 year 8 months
Head - Finance & Business Strategies 
June 2017 - January 2018 (8 months)
Bangalore - India
Being promoted as Head of Finance & Legal
Manager Finance and International Procurement
June 2016 - May 2017 (1 year)
Bangalore
Statutory Compliance, Developing internal systems, accounting, Audit and
other finance functions.
Ravi and Shrihari Chartered Accountants
Sr. Articled Assistant
April 2009 - August 2015 (6 years 5 months)
Bangalore
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Education
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
 · (2009 - 2014)
Christ University, Bangalore
B.com, Finance · (2006 - 2009)
 
Page 3 of 3
