 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
gautampatnaik (LinkedIn)
www.dynamixedu.in (Company)
www.kqm.co.in (Company)
Top Skills
K12 Education Consulting
ICT integration in learning process
Custom K12 curriculum development
Languages
English, Hindi, Oriya
Honors-Awards
Lead Education Quality Assessor
Member of Advisory Board
Publications
Dynamic Curriculum and
Assessment Management
Gautam Patnaik
CEO at KQM CONSULTANTS and DYNAMIXEDU.IN (Online
Education Consulting) and Director - FIRE WIZARDS (FIRE & LIFE
Safety)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
CEO & Principal Consultant of KQM Consultants at Bangalore. 
INITIATIVES IN EDUCATION: Serving K12 and higher education
segments (private and government) for integrated knowledge
quality consulting, education process management, education cloud
platforms for academic management and teacher professional
development. Implementing customised education and curriculum
management initiative using our powerful and cost-effective model:
'DYNAMIX'. Caters to all curricula and K12 boards.
Possess over thirty years of experience spanning the aluminum
industry, IT training and education, Process quality consulting, cloud
based learning solutions, education technology integration services,
academic process management consulting and teacher professional
development initiatives at school.
Provided superior value adds to K12 institutions, for Academic
process advisory, Quality consulting, technology adoption, hosting,
content, faculty training and projects, catering to any profile of
institution that seeks progressive development and growth through
'Dynamic Curriculum and Assessment Management' framework
called DYNAMIX.
Areas of Expertise in Education Consulting: Academic process
quality, education management systems, faculty training, education
business development and project consulting. Advisory for
implementation of education quality frameworks and assessment.
INITIATIVES IN FIRE AND LIFE SAFETY: As founder and Director
of FIRE WIZARDS (www.firewizards.com) we design fire protection
and fire fighting systems for all kinds of establishments and buildings
of any kind such as Institutions, Hospitals, Hotels, Office Complexes,
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Residential Complexes, Factories, Warehouses, Malls, Market
complexes, Shops and any space/area requiring fire safety as
per approved norms of National Building Code of India (NBC
Guidelines). We support architects and civil contractors in executing
fire safety installations and manage full turnkey projects from
design, supply, installation, testing and commissioning services.
Have executed several projects and facilitated fire NOC for the
establishments to obtain occupancy certificate and operate formally
as per local guidelines and norms. We undertake fire hydrant
systems, sprinkler systems, pumping systems, yard hydrant and
wet riser systems, fire detection and suppression systems, electrical
panel suppression systems and flooding systems. Customised
solutions, professional execution with quality and excellent services
is our key focus as an infrastructure service provider.
Experience
FIRE WIZARDS
Director
September 2012 - Present (11 years 7 months)
Bhubaneshwar Area, India
We offer turnkey Fire Safety and Protection Services through world class and
industry approved quality products and range of accessories meeting Indian
and International standards for fire safety of all establishments, buildings,
factories, apartments, houses, malls, hospitals, hotels, market places,
showrooms, plants, and buildings/facilities of any establishment/premises. We
provide quick and economic consulting for fire design and projects that meet
the NBC guidelines and help in Fire Approval of the establishments. Economic
design, standards, product quality, execution quality and timely completion
within budgets is a hallmark of Fire Wizards which has completed several
projects till date including those under government tenders for large hospitals
etc.
Work is also supported by expert assistance for future needs and serve
support at all times. Product partners are Kirloskar, Crompton, Airlight,
Honeywell, Siemens, Swastik, Arihant, Safex, Kanex, Guru, Green Power,
Indfoss, DRP, Kartar, and a number of top class and reputed names in the
industry. All working seamlessly for the safety and fire protection of people,
property and assets. For details visit us at www.firewizards.com
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
KQM Consultants & DynamiX Online Academy
Founder, CEO & Principal Consultant
September 2008 - Present (15 years 7 months)
Bangalore
Principal Consultant for knowledge process quality consultancy cum advisory
services for education projects in K12, college and higher education segments.
Implementation services for National and International education quality
assessment and accreditation. Expert Consultants for marketing, business
development, business strategy, launching online learning services for
all institutions, tutors, trainers. Founder of DynamiX Online Academy for
outsourced online learning services for schools and colleges at virtually zero
investment in IT hardware, software and maintenance. Author and provider of
online teacher professional development programs under STAR TEACHER
program leading to 'Teacher Leadership' through 'Dynamic Curriculum and
Assessment Management techniques'.
Areas of expertise:
1. Online learning services for any course and subject for all types of
institutions
2. Academic process management for curriculum development, planning and
delivery 
3. Teaching and Learning process methods and content/resource development
4. Online Training, mentoring and professional development of faculty and K12
teachers under any board 
5. Strategic planning, marketing and business development
6. Teacher Performance management systems and improvement initiatives
7. ICT integration in the teaching and learning process and internet/web
initiatives
8. Implementation of a flexible and dynamic education cloud service for
schools and colleges under a virtually zero investment model and appreciable
ROI.
Alpha Group of Educational Institutions
Director Projects and K-12 Operations
April 2008 - August 2008 (5 months)
As Consultant cum Director Projects managed education quality frameworks,
strategic plans for evolving standards and performance of four units and
campuses. Expansion and development plans for group education services.
Curriculum development and technology initiatives.
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Advised the trustees and management on strategic interventions for
professional development of staff. Coordinated with PWC and KPMG Advisory
and Tax groups for funding initiatives.
Vidyashilp Academy
Director
March 2002 - March 2008 (6 years 1 month)
Being a start up international school, conceptualised, designed, developed and
implemented a new generation education paradigm’s approach, methodology,
curriculum and technology solution framework accompanied with change
management initiatives as a full life cycle project.
Led institutional and people initiatives required for implementing the education
approach through continuous staff training and development, curricular
research, content development, technology adoption and use of innovative
devices within the teaching and learning process using a customised Learning
Management Solution and Knowledge Management tools.
Supervised and managed academic and assessment practices, process
quality, systems and new initiatives to enhance effectiveness of the teaching
and learning process for Indian boards as well as University of Cambridge
courses.
Developed the institution's brand identity through industry relationships.
Wigan & Leigh College (India) Ltd.
Vice President
September 2001 - February 2002 (6 months)
Led the marketing and business development efforts of a global college for
International PG Diploma in Business Management. Managed corporate
training, placement alliances and franchise operations.     
Taught papers on International Marketing and Strategic Marketing
Management as a parallel professor of marketing.
QAI India
General Manager
2001 - 2001 (less than a year)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Responsible for Business development for software process quality training,
benchmarking, consulting and assessment services for award of SWCMM and
PCMM certification to leading IT companies in South India.
Education
Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies
MMS, Marketing · (1981 - 1983)
Ravenshaw College, Utkal University
B.Sc., Chemistry · (1978 - 1980)
 
Page 5 of 5
