 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/inderjeet-
s-114ab921 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Commissioning
Factory
Project Engineering
Certifications
Academy of Certified Hazardous
Material Managers India Chapter,
Bangalore
Workshop & Training Course on
Hazardous Materials Management
SHE Management in Hazardous
Industries" on occasion of Chemical
Disaster Prevention day
Team work and leadership
management distinction
" Fire , Safety & Environment "Safety
Consultant's Consortium, Mohali.
Publications
Formula Kiln
Inderjeet S
CEO at National Cement Company NCCL
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
A dynamic Techno-Commercial professional, highly adaptive
international business leader with Multiple Skills & proven expertise
having comprehensive management back ground in  operation
of Cement Plants for nearly 27+ years.Out of which 10 yrs of
International Business experience and  15 yrs with US$40 Billion
corporation, the Aditya Birla Group (UltraTech) is in league of
Fortune 500 &  largest player in India.
I have also turned around failing business assets to bring
them back to profit within short time frames.Previously
engaged in manufacturing of Cement, Green field and
brown field projects & Plant Operations .Being capable of
providing Leadership & emotional intelligence contributing
to build target oriented team by system integration (SAP/
ERP) & implementing management tools(TPM & Six Sigma
etc).                                                                                                        
Also MBA in Operational Management with Specialization in Risk
management from ISMS Mumbai. Joy is currently looking to continue
a career as, CEO / Unit Head in Cement manufacturing sector ,
construction & Allied  Industries.
SPECIALITIES:
International Business Management
Business and Marketing Strategy
Business Planning and Operations Management
Project and Construction Management
Executive, Commercial, Marketing and Supply Chain Management
Strategic Sourcing
Entrepreneurship
Design and implementation B2B/B2B2C
Process improvement & implementation
Multi cultural/religious people management and motivation
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Experience
National Cement Company NCCL
CEO
November 2016 - Present (7 years 5 months)
Reporting to Chairman & MD of Company and Handling 1000 employees
which include managerial staff(Expat) ,contract workers.permanent employees
& lower staff.
KRA & Achievements :
* Overall P&L of all Departments.Organization as a Whole.
* To ensure the smooth, efficient operation of all function including Plant &
Achievement of Targeted net Margin.
* Developing new products, branding of product lines and retail networks
covering African  countries
*Forming business strategies in Company sales revenues exceeding USD 1,5
billion & hence annual increase of EBITDA about 40%.
*Building, restructuring and adapting organisations in various religious,
intercultural and competitive environments, positioning the companies as the
leading actor in their respective country and region.
* Pivotal & influential Role in Cement Manufacturers Associations in
subcontinent.
Duties:
• To ensure achievement of the agreed target against approved budget
• Implementation of all engineering planning and monitoring systems
• Implementation of material and sub-contractor management systems
• Ensure completion of Capex projects in time 
• Ensure procurement within budget & Inventory control.
• Process up gradation to improve Productivity.
• Effective funds planning and management
• To maintain safe, Hygienic and Pollution free Work environment. 
• Completion of statutory formalities in time & finalization of audit on time.
• Identification and reporting risks and providing inputs on risk mitigation
• Providing Leadership Qualities and Motivating employees.
ETA Star InternationalLLC
Project Head
May 2013 - November 2016 (3 years 7 months)
Angola
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Overall responsible for commissioning and plant start up and stabilization
of 4500 TPD Plant on Turnkey basis on Behalf of ETA and handling 1000
employees including Expat and Locals.
Responsibilities:
• To commission the plant in stipulated time and Budget and Overall P& L. 
• To achieve the plant rated throughput from limestone to packing plant.
• Quality of Clinker and cement as per International standards.
• To adept for Maintenance practices and operational capabilities to Client.
• Implement modification to remove bottlenecks of plant.
• To design and implement Safety and in house training programs for staff &
workmen.
• MIS and Logistics support for Sales and marketing of Cement in Angola.
Andhra Cement Ltd
Plant Head
September 2010 - May 2013 (2 years 9 months)
Senior D. General Manager – Tech                      Sept 2010 May
2013                                          
2.5 MTPA Integrated Plant           Guntur, Telangana,
India                                                                                                                              
Reporting to the President (W) and leading a team of more than 1000
employees, which include managerial staff, Wage Board employees as well
contract workers, permanent employees & lower Staff.
KRA:
• Overall P&L and Complete Operational & Maintenance Management of Plant.
• Annual Production Planning and Budgeting & ensuring Targets
• Heading Task force Team for Process Controls (Heat Balance and False air
reduction).
• Implementing ERP like SAP Plant Maintenance & Production module.
• Productivity improvements and cost reduction
• Implementation Alternative fuels Systems from HFO to other solid fuels.  
• Implement Safety and in house training programs for staff & workmen.
• Ensuring Quality of products as per International standards.
• Organising for Daily, Monthly Meetings for Improvement & strengthening MIS
to Apex Management.
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Achievements:  Timely Project accomplishment for Plant Capacity
enhancement & Major Up gradation from 3000 TPD to 6000 TPD     
HOLCIM – LAFARGE -ACC LTD:                
Senior D. General Manager – Tech
July 2007 - September 2010 (3 years 3 months)
Wadi, Gulbarga, Karnataka, India
Reporting to the Unit Head and initiated Geocyle (AFR) & Co processing in
wadi & Navigated team size of 300 employees. Laisoning with Govt agencies
like CPCB & KSPCB & international agency SGS for establishing sustainability
of Quality of Clinker with AFR techniques and captured carbon footprint firstly
in India INR 2.5 Lacks.
Achievements:
• INR1.5 Crores GAV achieved by using AFR.
• Reduced down time of three kilns from 7 days to two days / month.
• Installed Cooler ESP in place of old multi cyclone technology and thus limited
to 50 from 200 ppm/ncum.
• Received AFR Innovation award from Golden Peacock.
• Selected as a leading member of team in getting QMS, EMS & OHSAS
certification.
• Leading member in manpower productivity enhancement.
• Maintained zero accident rate in plant.
• First cement plant rewarded with Pollution Control Award from Madhya
Pradesh Pollution Control Board.
• Sold 50 % scrap material in plant realizing INR 75 lacks
ADITYA BIRLA GROUP - RAJSHREE CEMENT (4.5 MTPA)
Deputy Manager - O&M
September 2005 - July 2007 (1 year 11 months)
GULBARGA, KARNATAKA
Reporting to the Unit Head and handling 300 employees.
ADITYA BIRLA GROUP - BIRLA PLUS  CEMENT   (2 MTPA)
Assistant Manager - Mech
December 2000 - September 2005 (4 years 10 months)
BATHINDA, PUNJAB
Reported to the GM (Technical) and handled 150 employees.
ADITYA BIRLA GROUP - VIKRAM CEMENT   (4.5 MTPA)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Senior Engineer / Engineer – Mech / GET
June 1992 - December 2000 (8 years 7 months)
NEEMUCH, M.P.
Reported to the DGM (Mechanical) and handled 100 employees.
Education
Hurcourt Butler Technological Institute Kanpur
B.Tech Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering · (1988 - 1992)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
HBTI Kanpur India, B Tech Mechanical with MBA in Operational and Risk
management · (1988 - 1992)
 
Page 5 of 5
