 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ketansabnis
(LinkedIn)
www.amuratech.com (Company)
www.sell.do (Company)
www.kylas.io (Company)
Top Skills
Real Estate
Big Data
CRM
Languages
Hindi
Ketan Sabnis
Chief Executive Officer at Kylas & Sell.Do
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 16 years of experience in engineering and
entrepreneurship, I am a SaaS product expert who is passionate
about building technology solutions for the Fortune 5 million
companies globally. I am the co-founder and CEO of Kylas, a sales
CRM platform that helps SMBs grow their revenue and productivity.
I am also the CEO of Sell.Do, a vertical-focused CRM for real
estate in India that helps developers manage their leads, sales, and
marketing.
As a leader, I am focused on building the right team, culture,
and vision at both Kylas and Sell.Do. I have successfully scaled
both products to serve thousands of customers across multiple
geographies and industries. I have also partnered with leading
investors, mentors, and advisors to support our growth and
innovation. When I am away from work, I enjoy reading books and
relaxing with family and friends.
Experience
Kylas
Chief Executive Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Sell.Do
CEO
December 2019 - Present (4 years 4 months)
Pune Area, India
Amura Marketing Technologies Pvt.Ltd
Co Founder and Product Head
July 2009 - August 2021 (12 years 2 months)
Computational Research Labs, Pune
BTech Internship
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
September 2008 - April 2009 (8 months)
BTech Project which included developing and improving the Matrix
Multiplication parallel algorithm (in CPP and on Linux) considering the Data-
Structures for matrix storage that give scalable performance, handle data
sharing issues between threads. Also included a study of the effects of cache
sharing and memory access patterns.
Amazon.com
Student Intern
May 2008 - June 2008 (2 months)
Student Intern with the A9 team at Amazon.com, Bangalore, India Campus.
Worked on their Rule-based Web Document Categorizer.
Education
COEP Technological University
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Engineering · (2005 - 2009)
Fergusson College
 · (2002 - 2005)
 
Page 2 of 2
