 
 
Contact
kiranborade9009@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/kiran-
borade-9009 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Bench Management
Competency Management
Resource Management
Certifications
Microsoft Excel (Beginner to
Advanced)
Advance Practical Training on HR
Practices (Recruitment, Core HR
and Payroll)
Kiran Borade
Executive Assistant to COO
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
"A Hardworking Person, Passionate HR Professional. Also believes
in Working Hard and Dedicated for fulfilling the Objectives of the
Organisation. An Adaptive Player who never fails to accept the
challenges which will help in Enhancing my Skills and Gaining
Knowledge in every step."
Experience
Centre for Computational Technologies (CCTech)
1 year 8 months
Executive Assistant to Chief Operations Officer
December 2023 - Present (4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Human Resources Executive
December 2022 - December 2023 (1 year 1 month)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- Resource (Bench) Management System
- Competency Mapping
- Recruitment
- Campus Drive
- Attrition & Retention Management
- Bench Policy Development
Human Resources Coordinator
August 2022 - November 2022 (4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
My daily responsibilities included :
- Deployment - Matching skill-wise resource availability to project requirement
- Keep deployable bench to optimum levels
- Foresee business and manpower readiness and direct actions appropriately
- Manage rolled-off resources from completed projects as well as Competency
Mapping.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
- Maintain Reports and Dashboards (PowerBI) related to the Bench
Management System (Analytics)
- Responsible for updates/release of reports.
- Ensure engagement and retention of people on the bench
- Define Policies for bench and keep database updated
Hi-Tech Japan  (IT Recruiting Company)
Associate IT Recruiter
June 2022 - July 2022 (2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
My daily responsibilities included :
- Understanding objectives of the project on LinkedIn Recruiter Account to
discover prospective clients preferences. 
- Screening and Shortlisting resumes to evaluate if they meet the position
requirement.
- Handling Applicant Tracking System (ATS).
- Candidate Development - Headhunting, Job Boards, Social Media and Cold
calling.
- Perform Executive Search: Sourcing Job Specifications from clients,
Interviewing Candidates, formatting and preparing Resumes, Submission, etc.
Thecoinrepublic
Human Resources Intern
October 2021 - April 2022 (7 months)
Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India
My daily responsibilities included :
- Handling end-to-end Recruitment cycle and HR Operations activities as Non-
IT Recruiter.
- Scheduling and Conducting Orientation Programs as well as webinars on
Financial Literacy.
- Management and Disbursements of monthly salary.
- Maintaining the data on Google Spreadsheets.
Go Speedy Go
Human Resources Intern
May 2021 - July 2021 (3 months)
Bhubaneswar, Orissa, India
My daily responsibilities included :
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
- Handling Selection Process and HR Operations activities as a Non-IT
Recruiter.
- Screening and shortlisting resumes, conducting Telephonic Interviews,
making Offer Letters, scheduling and conducting Orientation Program as per
Coordinated with VP - HR.
- Connecting with the Training and Placement Officers (TPOs) for Campus
Recruitment.
- Maintaining the data on Microsoft - Excel.
Code Karo Yaaro
Human Resources Intern
November 2020 - May 2021 (7 months)
Nagpur, Maharashtra, India
My daily responsibilities included :
- Generating Job Descriptions and Posting it on Job portals.
- Acted as IT and Non-IT Recruiter and handling end-to-end Recruitment
Cycle.
- Connecting with the Training and Placement Officers (TPOs) for Campus
Drives.
- Maintaining data on Google Spreadsheets and MS-Excel.
Skill Board
Human Resources Intern
September 2020 - November 2020 (3 months)
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
My daily responsibilities included :
- Performing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) on LinkedIn. 
- Making Job Descriptions and posting it on Job portals like Internshala,
LinkedIn, etc.,
- Screening and Shortlisting resumes, Conducting Telephonic and Video
round interviews, making Offer Letters, Completion Certificates, performing
Onboarding formalities.
- Handling Notion, Airtable and Twist Communication Softwares.
Education
Saibalaji International Institute of Management Sciences
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Major - Human Resource and Minor
- Operations and Supply Chain Management  · (August 2020 - November
2022)
Deogiri Institute of Technology and Management Studies
Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, General Studies · (June
2017 - April 2020)
Deogiri College, Aurangabad
HSC, Physics, Chemistry, Maths and Computer Science · (June 2014 - March
2015)
Maharashtra Public School
SSC  · (June 2012 - March 2013)
 
Page 4 of 4
