 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/manasi-
kirloskar-5b884514b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
CEO
Social Entrepreneurship
Painter
Manasi Kirloskar
Executive Director and CEO, Kirloskar Systems Limited,
Karnataka, India
Summary
Manasi is a proud scion to one of India’s oldest, established and
most reputed business families in India. A rich and timeless legacy
and a family name standing for ethics and integrity of over 130 years.
She was also announced as the first Young Business Champion for
the SDGs by the UN in India in October 2018. 
Manasi has the challenge of building on her Legacy on one hand and
following her dreams and passions as an individual on the other with
her independent ventures. Balancing both and growing in each with
success, Manasi is moving up rapidly as a young business icon and
entrepreneur.
In addition to this she has setup the Real Estate arm and worked
with her mother Mrs. Geetanjali Kirloskar to set up their Financial
Services Division.
At a young age of 14 she started community service which now has
been registered as her own non-profit venture “Caring with Colour”
thus become a social entrepreneur. 
Artist by Inclination:
Manasi is a talented and trained painter who exhibited her first works
of art at the age of 13! 
23 large oils on canvas were part of this exhibition. With an inbuilt
talent for painting Manasi pursued her graduation from the reputed
Rhode Island School of Design with a BFA degree.
Adventurer at Heart:
Manasi’s interests include mountaineering, deep sea diving, tennis
and water sports. Her list of adventures vary from night sea diving in
Maldives, hiking in Himalayas at the base camp Kanchenjunga, river
rafting in the Ganges to mention a few. She has travelled across
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
the world to visit art galleries and museums and places of historical
value.
Experience
Kirloskar Systems Limited
Executive Director
2012 - Present (12 years)
UN in India
Young Business Champion for the SDGs
October 2018 - Present (5 years 6 months)
Toyota Tsusho Insurance Broker India Pvt Ltd
Director
2012 - Present (12 years)
Caring With Colour - A Manasi Kirloskar Initiative
Chief Executive Officer
April 2016 - Present (8 years)
Education
Rhode Island School of Design
Bachelor of Fine Arts - BFA 
 
Page 2 of 2
