 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/meera-iyer-
a495a627 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Technologist
User Adoption
Oracle E-Business Suite
Languages
English,Hindi,Tamil,Telegu, kannada
Meera Iyer
President and CEO - Raise Global
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Dr.Meera Venkat (www.meeravenkat.com) is the President& CEO
of RAISE GLOBAL, unique research based reputation consulting
firm, which works with the C Level Executives.  She was also
the founder of WeLEED (Women Leadership Empowerment and
Entrepreneurship Development) Trust based out of Bangalore.
She has been awarded the “Business Excellence Award – 2016”
by Future of India and CNBC and also “The Best Women Achiever
Award” for the year 2013 by PRI. Recently she has been appointed
as the Chairperson for IICCI- Indo Importer Chamber of commerce
and Industry, Karnataka.  She is also the Chairman of ISTD(Indian
Society of Training and Development), Bangalore Chapter and
Executive committee member of NIQR.   She is a seasoned value-
creator, growth and innovation professional with experience rating
and deploying new business models, expanding business into new
markets, and Launching new businesses and also a dynamic advisor
to various corportes. She is well known industry figure with the CXO
Level circles.
Dr.Meera is a regular commentator on reputation, digital strategist
and specialist in reputation research, recently being featured as a
speaker on many events and conferences. Her knowledge around
reputation has helped clients maximize the impact, creativity and
effectiveness of communications for their businesses and brands.
Prior to jointly founding Raise , she held senior -level positions at
a number of respected Corporate. She also heads WE LEAD –
Women Leadership Development and does a lot of work related
to women, like women in the boardroom, women empowerment,
corporate responsibility and leadership development.
She has also been advisor for Government of India initiatives in
Education and Technology. She has initiated the Chamber group
for CEO, CIO, CFO, CPO, CMO, CHRO and Women Leaders and
Entrepreneurs, for collective thinking on improving businesses. 
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Experience
RAISE GLOBAL
President and CEO
May 2010 - Present (13 years 11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
SCT
Director and CIO
July 2009 - Present (14 years 9 months)
Oracle
User Adoption Service Consulting
2006 - 2009 (3 years)
Education
University of Madras
Bachelor's Degree  · (1993 - 1997)
 
Page 2 of 2
