 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/skmoin
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Leadership
Digital Transformation
Cloud Computing
Languages
English
Hindi
Certifications
Cloud-Native Infrastructure with
Kubernetes
Digital Transformation for Leaders
Deep Learning and Neural Networks
AI and Machine Learning
Mohiddin Sk
Director | CEO | Founder | Entrepreneur | Investor | Advisor
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Technology Leader with 20 years of experience in Software
Architecture, Project Management and  Infrastructure Management.
Expert in Cloud Solutions, Containerization, Microservices, Machine
Learning, Web and Enterprise Development.
Experience
Infoesearch
Director Of Technology
June 2019 - Present (4 years 10 months)
Leading Software Development and IT Infrastructure teams. Architecting highly
scalable Cloud solutions for Content Moderation. Developing state of the art
Machine Learning models for automated text, image and video moderation.
Primewing Technologies
CEO
October 2017 - Present (6 years 6 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Digital Nirvana, Inc.
Program Manager
April 2014 - September 2017 (3 years 6 months)
Hyderabad, India
Managed complete projects from ideation till delivery. Architected and
Delivered large scale Cloud based Solutions. Delivered Cloud based VOIP
solutions to automatically record, archive and stream thousands of LIVE
earnings conference calls. Delivered advanced workflow solutions for BPO
processes.  Architected solutions for automated TV News clipping with NLP
and Machine Learning.
LiquidHub
Technology Manager
October 2012 - March 2014 (1 year 6 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Delivered highly scalable cloud based media distribution project to deliver
millions of audio/video albums to online stores like Amazon, iTunes and
Google Music. Involved in architecture, design, development and production.
Trained and managed a team of skilled engineers to develop and support from
offshore. 
Impecsoft Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Technical Project Manager
January 2012 - October 2012 (10 months)
Architected various web applications using latest web technologies. Trained
and build productive teams to deliver high quality Software at low costs.
Architected an extensive web based ERP for group of companies. Delivered
Mobile Apps with GPS tracking for Field executives. Managed IT Infrastructure
and services for a group of companies.
Digital Nirvana Information Systems (I) Pvt. Ltd.
IT Manager
July 2005 - October 2010 (5 years 4 months)
One of the senior individuals associated with the growth of company right from
inception. Consistently delivered complex large scale Software projects and
products on time within budget. Managed IT services and solutions affecting
over 400+ employees across multiple sites in a distributed client/server
environment in accordance with service level agreements. Demonstrated
strong ability in improving business processes, and played vital role in
acquisition of another company.
Education
Nagarjuna University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science
 
Page 2 of 2
