 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mukesh-
bhardwaj-14938373 (LinkedIn)
www.oyemarketor.com/about
(Company)
Top Skills
Leadership
Team Building
Project Management
Languages
Marathi
Hindi
English
Mukesh Bhardwaj
CEO & Co-Founder at OyeMarketor Pvt Ltd
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
OyeMarketor Pvt Ltd
Chief Executive Officer
September 2018 - Present (5 years 7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
OyeMarketor has exemplary mastery in marketing in real estate. A Pune-
based company has covered all the inches and bits of Pune and many other
high-profile states. Given is the time and OyeMarketor is set to explore all
the nooks and crevices of the country and go national on the marketing real
estate front. OyeMarketor is the only renowned marketing agency with a
wholly dedicated niche of real estate marketing. This niche has become not
only a pro but a super strength to dig deeper and win the treasure. With our
highly qualified team of real estate and marketing enthusiasts, we are all set
to get your hopes, plans, and dreams high. Whichever city you belong to, our
capabilities and services won’t hesitate to reach you!
Oye World Institute
Director
September 2019 - November 2021 (2 years 3 months)
Pune Area, India
Digital Marketing Institute with affordable fees. Search Engine Optimization
(SEO) Content Marketing. Website Structuring. Google Analytics. Real Time
Traffic. Understanding Acquisition & Conversion Data. 
Freelance
Marketing Consultant
July 2015 - August 2018 (3 years 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Dexter Technologies
Managing Director
January 2015 - June 2015 (6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
DexTer Technologies is a Business Process Outsourcing & IT Enabled
Services provider customized to suit the needs of its global customers.Our
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
focus is towards providing reliable and high quality solutions and services.Our
core portfolios of services are in the areas of business process outsourcing.We
have a dedicated team of well experienced professionals to provide you
reliable and cost-effective solutions to enhance your competitive advantage
and profitability. 
Indiacom Limited
Summer Intern
June 2014 - August 2014 (3 months)
Indiacom is the second largest business information database company in
India established since 1988. It works in the area of offering advertising media
solutions for SMBs, designed for sales promotion and business development
needs using the most modern technology integrated with media performance
tracking system. Indiacom has published in the past BSNL Telephone
Directories with Yellow Pages for 45 telecom districts in India.
The core strength of Indiacom is authentic business database & sales of
business information related products. For the last 5 years we are one of
the leading content providers to some of the large MNCs & Fortune 500
companies in the world.
Education
Sinhgad Institute Of Management And Computer Application
MBA, Marketing · (2012 - 2014)
 
Page 2 of 2
