 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nagaraja-
s-5340a241 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Employee Relations
HR Policies
Talent Acquisition
Languages
Engilish , Hindi and Kannada
Nagaraja S
CEO and Co-founder
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
I prefer to work in challenging enviornment, and preferabally green
field project. I strongly believe in EE  HR approach.  If you want
excellency, we need to empowerment to people. This approach will
give better desired results.
Experience
CEO and Co-founder Scotia HR Solutions, Bangalore 
CEO and Co- founder 
July 2015 - Present (8 years 9 months)
Wipro Infrastructure Engineering
HR Head
January 2010 - March 2015 (5 years 3 months)
Bangalore
I have been working as change agent  in this plant, 35 years old organisaiton ,
has different culture and mindset, it is very challenging to change the mind
set of people in the shopflor. My job is to bring them together and see that ,
the attitude of employees changes towords the organisaiton goals, which will
benefits both employees as well as organisaiton
Doosan  International India Pvt. Ltd.
Head HR
January 2008 - December 2009 (2 years)
Chennai/ Bangalore
Worked as Head HR for two legal entity.And was responsible  for entire HR
and Administration activities of Doosan Infracore, and Doosan  International
India Ltd,  for a period of two years.
Ingersoll india Ltd
Head Human Resources
1996 - 2007 (11 years)
Initially, I worked in Industrial Relations and employee engagement area.
The major focus was to maintain the employee relations and ensure that, no
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
negativity developed amongst the employees. I was part of wage negotiations
team, and signed two settlements with the union.
During my later part of my journey, I moved to compensaiton and benfits
postion  to take care of the all business units. As C & B manager, i was totally
involved in performance management of 400 management employees spread
across India. The biggest challenge was rationalise the benefits across all
business units.
I was also involved in merger and acquistion, I played a key roll in acquiring
one company in Mumbai. I was also instrumental in doing assimilation program
for the acquired company.
Larsen & Toubro
Senior Personnel Officer
1987 - 1996 (9 years)
Bangalore
I was responsible to employee relations, in addition to that ,I was handling lab
our related legal matters before various courts.
Education
Sahyadri college, shimoga
Bachelor of Arts (BA), Economics, political science and
socialogy · (1976 - 1979)
Govt  High School, Anaveri, Shimoga Dt.
Govt High School ,Anavery, Shimoga DT, Generic Course.. · (1967 - 1972)
 
Page 2 of 2
