 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/navin-kumar-
b118185 (LinkedIn)
www.unwrap.io (Company)
Top Skills
Budgeting
Business Planning
Negotiation
Navin Kumar
Founder CEO at unwrap
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
I have been passionate about AI and how it can impact the business.
Unwrap was born while I was trying to solve problems related to paid
ads for decouncil. Most of the online businesses rely on paid ads and
the challenge was how to get only the visitors who are interested in
my product and service. I needed to be choosing in getting the right
customers back on my website and enticing them with right offer to
convert them. This challenge has taken the shape of www.unwrap.io.
If you are using paid ads, unwrap and save your marketing budget
by 30%-50% and yet skyrocket your conversion rate by 300%. 
Want to Talk to Me : Book Me Here : meetfox.com/e/unwrap
Specialties: Designing Business Model, Business Blue print, Strategy
Models, Roll Out plans, Marketing Strategies ,Leadership, Strategy,
Marketing and Advertising, Budgeting, Branding, Negotiation and
Decision making.
Experience
www.unwrap.io
Founder CEO
June 2020 - Present (3 years 10 months)
United States
Unwrap's AI uses a predictive algorithm to separate visitors into " Visitors who
are interested in your product and Visitors who have no interest in your product
". Unwrap AI helps business owners retarget only visitors who have some sort
of interest in the product. 
Currently, companies using our AI have reported it has helped them save over
30%-50% of their marketing budget and simultaneously skyrocketed their
conversion rate by over 300%. 
Decouncil
Cofounder
May 2017 - June 2020 (3 years 2 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Bangalore
Decouncil.com
IFA
Head of Strategy Consultants
December 2010 - July 2015 (4 years 8 months)
Bangalore
Business Model Structuring , Re-structuring, GAP Analysis, Business
Valuation strategies, Valuation Boost strategies, Expansion strategies,
Improving the efficiency and ROI of Operations, Marketing & Sales, Brand
Positions, Business Plan, Creating Blueprint for Execution, Roll Out
Fuerza
Managing Director ( M.D)
June 2009 - July 2013 (4 years 2 months)
Expose people to Sufi, Mughal and continental delicacies.
Oracle Direct
Business Development Consultant
July 2007 - March 2009 (1 year 9 months)
Education
Bangalore University
Alliance Business Academy
 
Page 2 of 2
