 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pradnya-
rekha-18569325 (LinkedIn)
anekalabs.com/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Business Analysis
Requirements Gathering
UML
Certifications
Business Analyst Professional
Program(BAPP) from iBat pune
Project Management Professional
(PMP)
Pradnya Rekha
Founder & CEO at Aneka Labs Pvt. Ltd.
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
As a forward-thinking leader with a passion for increasing the
value of businesses by providing leading solutions. I believe in
fostering a culture of innovation and empowering our team to exceed
expectations. My leadership philosophy revolves around strategic
thinking and proactive decision-making. 
At ANEKA, we operate in diverse business verticals: 
1. Customer Software and Mobile Development 
2. Support (Technical & Non-Technical)
3. E-surveillance (AI-Based electronic surveillance)
Our multifaceted approach allows us to thrive in different industries
and cater to a broad spectrum of client needs.
I am always eager to connect with professionals who discuss
industry trends, explore collaboration opportunities, or simply
exchange insights.
Experience
Aneka Labs Private Limited
Founder & CEO
January 2021 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Aneka is a digital transformation consultancy and software development
company that provides cutting-edge technological solutions, helping
companies and enterprise clients untangle complex issues that always emerge
during their digital evolution journey.
Dexoit Labs Pvt. Ltd.
Founder & CMO
July 2017 - November 2022 (5 years 5 months)
Pune Area, India
designial
CMO at Designial
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
January 2018 - August 2021 (3 years 8 months)
United States
NXG Labs Pvt. Ltd.
Project Manager
2015 - 2017 (2 years)
Pune Area, India
As the project manager, I was responsible to plan, budget, oversee and
document all aspects of the specific projects.  Worked closely with upper
management to make sure that the scope and direction of each project is on
schedule, as well as other departments for support.
Equally contributed for Leadership, Time Management, Math and Budgeting,
Analytical Skills 
ProBytes Software Pvt Ltd
Business Analyst
2014 - 2015 (1 year)
Pune Area, India
Analyzes an organization and business domain (real or hypothetical) and
documents its business & processes or systems, assessing the business
model or its integration with technology.
Worked as liaison between onshore coordinator & offshore development team
to share functional & technical details. 
Cognizant
Business Analyst
June 2012 - September 2013 (1 year 4 months)
Pune Area, India
Worked as a Business analysts for Mobile Solution. 
Creativecrows  Technologies
Business Analyst
May 2011 - May 2012 (1 year 1 month)
Pune Area, India
Developing technical solutions to business problems, begins with defining,
analyzing and documenting requirements. Managing requirements at the
project level, Assisting with the business case.
Education
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
MBA
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Project
Management · (2013 - 2014)
BE E&TC
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Electronics and communication
(E&C) · (2008 - 2011)
PMP Certified (Project Management Professional)
Project Management Certification  
BBAP Cirtified 
Business Analysis in IT 
 
Page 3 of 3
