 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pmarkan
(LinkedIn)
www.outsource-to-india.com
(Company)
www.enablingbiz.com (Company)
www.zingyhomes.com (Company)
Top Skills
Management
Software Development
Web Marketing
Preeti Markan
Founder CEO - ZingyHomes.com
India
Summary
ZingyHomes.com is an online marketplace for Design Products,
Building Materials, Professionals and info related to design,
architecture, planning and construction in India. 
It also provides the architecture and design community a free to use
platform to build their brand and showcase their portfolio to potential
clients. 
End users have access to detailed information on design and
building products available, detailed portfolios of professionals they
can hire and a wealth of information collated as tips & trends.
Prior to starting these ventures (details below), I worked for over
7 years in Sales, Marketing & Business Development of FMCGs,
Pharma, Software and Industrial Products. Working with large corps
operating in multiple markets worldwide to mid size Indian corps to
small firms brought rich experience, immense knowledge and an
uncanny ability to learn, analyse, innovate, initiate, adapt and grow,
which I think have held me in good-stead in managing technology
start-ups and also advising clients across industries on use the
internet to grow their businesses.
Experience
Zingy Marketing Ventures Private Limited
Founder CEO
June 2013 - Present (10 years 10 months)
New Delhi
ZingyHomes is the largest online platform focused on professionals, products,
info and services related to design, architecture, planning and building in India.
For more info, visit www.zingyhomes.com
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
EnablingBiz ESolutions
CEO
February 2002 - Present (22 years 2 months)
Offer services in the domain of internet marketing, search engine marketing,
social media marketing, web application development, software application
development, mobile app development, graphic design and content marketing.
For more details, visit http://www.enablingbiz.com
E2webhosts(www.e2webhosts.com)
Owner
September 2005 - Present (18 years 7 months)
Provide managed web hosting services - both budget and premium. Budget -
http://www.e2webhosts.com
Outsource To India(www.outsource-to-india.com)
CEO
March 2005 - Present (19 years 1 month)
Provide dedicated designers, developers, programmers, copy writers, search
engine marketing specialists to design and software firms outside India on
contract basis. Helping people set up their offshore teams in India. For more
details, visit http://www.outsource-to-india.com
Digital Branders
Owner
2007 - 2012 (5 years)
Provide digital branding and internet consultancy services. For more details,
please visit http://www.digitalbranders.com
IndianHandicrafts
CEO
2007 - 2010 (3 years)
IndianHandicrafts.co.in is a platform that allows handicrafts exporters to gain
more visibility and business at minimal costs.
Various
Various
June 1994 - February 2002 (7 years 9 months)
Worked during this period in various capacities in the domain of Marketing in
FMCG, Pharma, Software and Industrial Goods sectors.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Education
Faculty of Management Studies - University of Delhi
MBA, Marketing
St. Stephen's College, Delhi
B.Sc., Physics
 
Page 3 of 3
