 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/premson
(LinkedIn)
flow.page/premson (Personal)
Top Skills
Business Development
Coaching
Customer Service
Premson Pyara
Founder & CEO of Team Win 6
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
I am obsessed with empowering people to step into their own
brilliance allowing them to achieve all that's important to them. Since
life is all about enjoying small things, I aim to help millennials or
budding entrepreneurs find themselves. I help fresh entrepreneurial
and motivated people to quit the 9-5 juggle to work a more balanced
and flexible business to help themselves, I mentor them on how they
can be employers and stand apart from the world, instead of being a
job chaser.
In nutshell: I empower people from all walks of life to create freedom
for themselves by building a good stable income source businesses
from the comfort of their homes working around their family life
to be there for the moments that truly matter. Because in today's
“new world” if you don’t own your future… Someone else will. Most
people are only the thermometer of their own life… letting the outside
world control the temperature, and simply reacting. This might seem
easier now… but what does it cost you long-term? It’s time to own
your future.  If you are passionate you’ll be offered the option to
work directly with me by earning what you’re worth, with no limits on
earnings, contact me for an informal chat. 
My story: I was an ordinary person from a small town who had
a happy and simple childhood with high ambitions. Traditional
family businesses went into huge losses and lost everything in
life. Then after trying a lot of jobs. My career started in sales and
marketing which was an area I loved but I didn’t like being made
redundant twice and the pressure of long hours and no satisfaction.
Accidentally a stranger threw me a lifeline to something I could start
as a side hustle, but build to something much bigger, finally I now
extend the lifeline I was thrown to others. Once I started working
on the opportunity, there was no turning back, On 12th November
2006, my story was featured in The Times of India’s, ‘The WEEK
Magazine’ titled – "Our First Million” without a Boss or Fixed Working
Hours, My interview was also featured in Sun Network’s Business
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Story. Looking back it was the best decision I ever made, although at
the time it felt like the hardest, to step into the unknown and take on
a new challenge. When I look at how life is now, to how it used to be,
it’s not even comparable. 
Top Skills:
July 2001 - Present (20 years)
Keynote speaker & Global Business Coach Business Start-Up
New Business Development Leadership, Development and
Coaching International Speaker
Personal Development &
Mindset coaching
Experience
Team Win 6
Entrepreneur
April 2005 - Present (19 years)
Sainikpuri Hyderabad
Self-employed
3 years 10 months
Entrepreneur
July 2001 - April 2005 (3 years 10 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Entrepreneur
July 2001 - April 2005 (3 years 10 months)
India
Why I am doing this?
According to the saying "Knowledge is the only good that increases when you
share it",  I want to give other people access to this system, which has made
me one of the best-earning entrepreneurs in India.
PERKS OF LEARNING FROM MR. PREMSON
Building a new business:
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
In a joint conversation you will learn how to build an ethical and crisis-proof
business on a full-time or part-time basis and thus achieve a continuously
rising income that will continue to flow even if you want to retire.
Start without industry knowledge:
How you'll build your new business faster, even without previous industry
knowledge than the majority of already established entrepreneurs in this global
growth market.
Minimal time use:
How to grow and grow your new business with a maximum of 60 to 90 minutes
of daily use to finally reconcile your career, your life, and your family and
avoid stress in the future with more independence.  Prem as your personal
mentor takes you by the hand and gives you the necessary know-how and
mindset, to build a profitable business.
Invest in yourself:
This concept makes it possible to start a successful business, without any
risk. Everyone is welcome and equal work is rewarded in the same way -
regardless of who works.
Non-Traditional method:
How to start own distribution business without employees, Space and huge
stocks and still do online sales with your virtual url entire India and worldwide
with affiliate sales partners.
Education
Osmania University, Hyderabad
Master's degree, Public Personnel Management & Law · (1991 - 1996)
Navabharath Public High school
Master's degree, Masters in Public personnel management · (1997 - 1999)
 
Page 3 of 3
