 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/punith-kumar-
a4671a43 (LinkedIn)
www.bluebirdgroups.com
(Company)
www.wizzles.in (Company)
www.bangalorebhoomi.com
(Company)
Top Skills
Management
Business Strategy
Marketing Strategy
Punith Kumar
Founder & CEO at Blue Bird Groups
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Welcome to Blue Bird Groups
Our company’s logo depicts the Blue Bird which signifies that we
have perfection and we pay attention to the minutest detail regarding
the Services. it also means that we are futuristic and we see things
differently. We believe in doing things that don’t even occur to others.
Blue Bird Groups turn unimaginable dreams to Height of success.
Blue Bird Groups was founded in 2006 by Punith Kumar, as a part
time business. The company went full time in 2009. & been most
responsible for the growth of the company to its present status
Honesty, reliability, and integrity are the foundation blocks from
which Bluebird Groups is operated. It is a pleasure and an honor to
serve our community and our clients.
Experience
RERA Filing Karnataka 
Sr.RERA Consultant 
October 2017 - Present (6 years 6 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Sr.Business Consultant working since 2008 & Associated with more then 200
Real estate projects to serve as RERA Consultant since 2017
Wizzles Pet Care Pvt Ltd
CEO & Founder
January 2016 - Present (8 years 3 months)
Bangalore
Aim is to keep a track on the pets (dogs & Cats) by getting an ownership
complete document & Microchip.
Mission & Objectives:
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
• Providing ownership with any kind of breed (National Pet & Pet owner
Database)
• Getting better information of their pet
• Forum for pet lovers (question & answer)
• Showcasing your pet’s happy moments & memories.
• Helping to find the lost pet
• Supporting for a medical Expenses (annual basis)
• Best discount of buying pet food and other products (up to 50%)
• Tie-up with the pet insurance company as a Business channel partner.
Bangalore Bhoomi Research & Realty Services Pvt Ltd
Bangalore Real Estate Research
January 2015 - Present (9 years 3 months)
Bangalore
Bangalore Bhoomi provides insightful, customized solutions to investors and
operators to enhance their decision-making process.
Our Realty Research Services offered:
• Market Strategic Advisory
• Company & Portfolio Valuation
• Consulting & Documantation Services
PROPERTY EXPERT ASSISTANCE SERVICES
 PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SERVICE
 PROPERTY BUYING ASSISTANCE
 PROPERTY SELLING ASSISTANCE
 PROPERTY  SEARCH ASSISTANCE
We undertake THE JOINT VENTURE (JV) & JOINT DEVELOPMENT (JD)
Business Proposals to have a health Business between Investors.
BlueBird Groups
CEO & Founder
November 2006 - Present (17 years 5 months)
Bangalore
BlueBird Groups of Companies is an organization of a highly motivated,
disciplined and trained team of engineers, technicians and managers who day-
in-day-out strive to implement cutting edge solutions in the myriad fields of :
HR Management, Event Management, Data & Bussiness Management(BPO)
NGO Tech Support.Com
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
NGO Management
August 2011 - Present (12 years 8 months)
Bangalore
The aim of NGO Tech Support LLP is to provide administrative and
organizational services for NGOs and corporate foundations 
and employing of disadvantaged people and thus help them to realize social
responsibility in practice by improvement of their 
administrative, organizational and communication and other individual work
skills.
One of basic aims of NGO Tech Support LLP is to support local NGOs and
increase their access to modern technology & providing 
useful NGO resource at a nominal cost. In cooperation towards actualizes our
vision in very modern, effective and successful way.
0ne Tree One Heart foundation
Founder
October 2017 - October 2019 (2 years 1 month)
Bengaluru Area, India
We make simple to plant one tree for you..
Your support make more simple to reach us 10 Million trees by 2025.
Joy Of Giving Global Foundation
CEO & Founder
March 2012 - October 2014 (2 years 8 months)
Bangalore
Connect 2 Contact Media Solution
Managing Director
April 2008 - January 2009 (10 months)
Bangalore 
an event management COMPANY. .working for HR corporate houses in
Bangalore for there branding activities
Education
Indian institute of Management & Engineering
Master of Business Administration, Event Management & NGO
Management · (2008 - 2010)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
The New Cambridge High School
Master of Business Administration, Event Management & NGO Management
 
Page 4 of 4
