 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ravindra-
deshmukh-b6877b27 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
ServiceNow
SDLC
ITIL
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Certifications
Micro-Certification - Welcome to
ServiceNow
IBM Certified Advanced Database
Admin - DB2 Universal Database V9
for Linux, UNIX, & Windows
Certified Data Protection Officer
Google Cloud Platform Essential
Professional Networking
Ravindra Deshmukh
CEO & Managing Director at BitString
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Actively hiring for ServiceNow Developers / Consultants / Architects.
Share your resume to -    hr@bitstringit.com 
Experienced IT Professional with a demonstrated experience in the
Information Technology Services industry.
Experience
BitString IT Services Pvt Ltd
4 years 7 months
CEO & Managing Director
April 2021 - Present (3 years)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
CEO & Director
September 2019 - March 2021 (1 year 7 months)
Pune Area, India
To deliver high quality and cost effective business services to customers by
connecting and collaborating with them, understanding their business and
using our expertise & experience to help clients to re-engineer and re-invent
their businesses.
Who we are 
IT solutions services company that leverages deep functional and industry
expertise, and global delivery expertise to help clients transform their valued
business processes and improve their business performance.
HSBC
13 years 4 months
Head of Scheduling Services
January 2017 - August 2019 (2 years 8 months)
Pune Area, India
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Leading services function providing leadership to scheduling services team to
support global businesses.
Manager - ITID, Batch Management
January 2013 - December 2016 (4 years)
Pune
Leading Batch Scheduling team and 24x7 Batch Operation.  Leadership
to team of 42 engineers to support group scheduling services. Customer
Relationship, Effective resource planning and management, Risk
management. Building global service model and target operating model.
Continual Service improvement.
Manager - ITID, Applicaton Lifecycle Management
January 2011 - December 2012 (2 years)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
teamsite, build deploy install teams.
 Project Delivery – Service Management of IT infrastructure support teams of
various technologies like DB2 UDB, Guardium, Control SA and Build Deploy
Install tools, data center services
 Project Management and leading Data Center Migration projects involves
extensive Planning, Forecasting, Execution, Monitoring 
 Implementation of quality processes aligned to ITIL, RBPM in the projects
IT Project Manager
July 2009 - December 2010 (1 year 6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Project Management leading Data Centre Migration projects include costs,
operational budget, staffing and risks.  Customer relationships management
for global business partners 
 Re defining network architectural changes from 2 tier networks to 3 tier
highly secured networks.  Planning, estimation, execution of migrating 26
complex core banking applications and all related services to new datacenter.
 Migration of Application Servers and services from existing datacentre to
new Group Data Cente.  Build standard practice documents used for entire
program.
 Build highly motivated and multi skills team and managing their
performances.  
 Successfully closing the project with customer delight and satisfaction.
 Tools : MS Visio, MS Project, Clarity, MS Office
Senior Data Specialist
May 2006 - June 2009 (3 years 2 months)
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Pune, Maharashtra, India
DBA, Data Modeler, Data Specialist.
 Database Architecture and Physical Data Modeling, Correlating the
architectural requirements with technical design  
 Managing DBA Teams and leading data projects and building LDM and PDM
 Database Design and Analysis for existing database for providing solution for
Scalability and Performance Improvement
National Informatics Centre, MeitY
Scientist C
September 1996 - May 2006 (9 years 9 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Worked in various capacity from Developer to Project Leader. 
Extensively worked on SDLC process. Architecture of OLAP/OLTP, DSS
systems.  Successfully delivered STATE level major project. 
 Database Design & Architect / Data Modelling, Maintaining the development,
test and production database servers, Tuning Databases for Optimum
database performance
 Data Migration / Conversion of legacy data
 Implementing of Organizational quality processes
National Defence Academy, Khadakwasla
Lecturer in Computer Science
October 1995 - September 1996 (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Training the military cadets on Computer Technologies as part of University
degree program. 
Automation of manual processes on trainings and walk throughs and various
academy activities using programming and orchestration tools.
Education
Doctor Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University
M.Sc. , Computer Science · (1992 - 1994)
Nagpur University
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Electronics, Physics, Maths · (1989 - 1992)
Lal Bahadur Shastri High school & Jr college Bhandara
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Intermediate  · (1987 - 1989)
 
Page 4 of 4
