 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rupali-
daye-0b558a129 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Java
J2EE
Spring Framework
Rupali Daye
CEO | Managing Director at Fintech Credit Systems India Private
Limited
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Fintech Credit Systems India (CSI) is a young and vibrant web
service firm with its offshore development center in Pune. We
breathe technology while shaping our clients' dreams with a sublime
flavor of innovative attitude. Our work is powered by an unparalleled
quality and cutting-edge business practices. Fintech CSI takes pride
in delivering IT and Web solutions that are aligned with the strategic
intent of our clients and believes in charting a positive return on
investment for all our products and services.
#Contact: +91 9112663629
#Career: hr@creditsystemsindia.com
#Business: sales@creditsystemsindia.com
#Website: www.creditsystemsindia.com
Experience
Fintech Credit Systems India Private Limited
Managing Director
March 2017 - Present (7 years 1 month)
Pune Area, India
Fintech Credit Sysytems India (CSI) is a young and vibrant Web Service firm
with its offshore development center in Pune, the IT hub of India.
We breathe technology while shaping our clients’ dreams with a sublime flavor
of innovative attitude. 
Our work is powered by unparalleled quality and cutting edge business
practices. Fintech CSI takes pride in delivering IT and Web solutions that
are aligned with the strategic intent of our clients and believes in charting a
positive return on investment for all our products and services. Fintech CSI
has inculcated a work culture that embeds expertise with a blend of human
emotions to create the best piece of work every time.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Fintech CSI ‘s IT Services portfolio includes: Custom Software Application
Development, Our Web Solutions include CMS Systems, Shopping Carts, E
Commerce websites, Information and Service Portal Development, Website
design/ redesign, Web Maintenance, Java, Android, Payment Gateway
Application Development.
Our competitive advantage is quick turnaround time, ability to work around
client requirements, grasp of functional parameters. All Fintech CSI Solutions
are packed into competitively priced packages that even the best in the
business would crave to offer.
Fintech CSI is the clients best friend, more, a family member
Business Inquiry: contact@creditsystemsindia.com
Career Inquiry: hr@creditsystemsindia.com
Contact: 
Office: 020 69782929
Cell: +91 9112663629
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business Administration,
Management and Operations · (2014 - 2016)
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Bachelor of Engineering - BE  · (2011 - 2014)
 
Page 2 of 2
