 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sadhana-
kajalepatil-30a6a423 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Customer Service
Microsoft Office
Performance Management
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Dploma Cyber Law
Sadhana Kajalepatil
Founder Director & CEO
Summary
Has a rich experience in various aspects of software development,
hands-on experience in leading IT strategy, design, implementation
and management of high-performance, highly redundant and
resilient IT infrastructure solutions and services.
Strong track record of success in managing complete IT
infrastructure and operations. Proven ability to bring the benefits of
IT to solve business challenges, while managing costs and risks.
A full understanding / knowledge of global connectivity /systems
and configurations, as well as the required skill sets to effectively
communicate with business naturally has led to she being the
Founder of Sardonyx Softech.
Experience
Sardonyx Infosoft LLP
Founding Director & CEO
November 2014 - Present (9 years 5 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
> Led 25 developers to establish client's ERP system; identified in cost
savings, and secured.
> analysts to vice presidents, and collaborated with business development,
data analysis, operations and marketing.
> Co-led task force to realize annual savings; analyzed large sets of data to
improve fixed and variable cost inputs and recommended additional invoice
validation measures. 
> Managed a process re-engineering project to improve and consolidate end-
to-end service processes; restructured. 
> communication flow among 10 departments, and cut down paperwork.
> Reduced development costs by creating a plan to merge related products
into one, more streamlined product.
> Designed and facilitated 2- 3-day design thinking workshops for 3 senior
executives to identify and prioritize.
> opportunities to enter in digitalized market.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
> Mentored a group of Business Analysts on the organizations evolving
approach to requirements management and best practice.
> Elicit project relevant requirements and business rules using various
techniques (interviews, workshops, brainstorming, questionnaires). 
> Lead sessions with executive sponsors and business stakeholders.
Advanced facilitation techniques and skills.
> Organize and document requirements in accordance with industry standards
(Vision, Business Requirements Document, Use Case, Product Backlog, User
Story). Perform business process modeling and process re-engineering.
> Participate in peer review session and provide feedback to colleague.
Organize requirements for reuse in other initiatives.
> Manage the review and approval of requirements with project team members
and stakeholders. Control, analyze and communicate approved changes to
requirements through the software development life cycle.
> Communicate effectively with IT and business teams >Review test plan &
cases prior to testing.
> Lead team of business analysts. Guide and mentor business analysts and
other team members.
>IT Strategic planning: Solutions
Sardonyx Softech
Founding Director & CEO
February 2012 - November 2014 (2 years 10 months)
> Passion for being the voice of the business and a proven track-record
building effective solutions.
> Designed and tested the application and proposed both business and
technology solutions to improve process efficiency.
> Possess good critical thinking skills and initiative to investigate and resolve
issues with minimal supervision.
> Work effectively in a team, supporting other team members in achieving
objectives. 
> Experience with increasing responsibilities in one more of the following
areas, with demonstrated progression of responsibilities.
> Demonstrated experience of working with and delivering outcomes for both
infrastructure and systems projects.
> Demonstrated experience in leading and managing projects.
> Demonstrated project management skills and project management software
skills, including planning, organizing, and managing resources. 
> Experience effectively identifying requirements for web based and ERP
applications. 
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
> Experience effectively identifying requirements for infrastructure projects in
support of security, data solutions, and telecommunications. 
> Solid experience in gathering and documenting business requirements.
> Willingness to put in the time required to complete tasks on time. 
> Understand business needs/requirements and translate that understanding
into a form that leads to the creation and/or composition of better process and/
or technology solutions in the Sales, Distribution and Trading space, always
aligned with the Global template. 
> Guide business customers through business case development for new
applications/functionality, including cost / benefit analysis and risk / impact
analysis.
> Provide test plans, test cases, perform functional testing and ensure proper
user acceptance testing. 
> Support, test, and enhance moderately complex information systems
and develop adequate error management functionality within assigned
applications.
> Provide new user training on supported applications.
3WD Soft
Assistant Managing Director
February 2012 - November 2013 (1 year 10 months)
> To build HR policies, management strategies.
> Business analysis & creating IT infrastructure.
> Building business plans as per need of company.
Intelux Electronics Pvt. Ltd.
HR Management Trainee
June 2011 - January 2012 (8 months)
Maintaining Industrial Relations, Technical adviser, Legal Aspects.To
coordinating & maintaining the data of MIS report & MOM report. Arrangement
of Training & Development Programs.
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Human Resources Management/
Personnel Administration, General · (2009 - 2011)
University Pune, SIMIR
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
MBA, PGDBM (IT), Human Resources Management/Personnel Administration,
General · (2009 - 2011)
University of Mumbai
Diploma Cyber Law  · (2009 - 2009)
University of Pune
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Physics, Maths, Stat.
 
Page 4 of 4
