 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sanjay-
sindhu-b1924353 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Profit & Loss Management
Profit Center Management
New Business Development
sanjay sindhu
CEO (Chief Executive Officer) Vista Furnishing Ltd at Apls Industries
Ltd.
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
Expertise:    Top line management (Turnover growth)
Bottom line growth (Profit growth)
Profit management
Marketing and Sales management 
Distribution / EBO / MBO / Online / Institutional / franchise
National Sales and international sales & Marketing
Advertising / Promotion – ATL / BTL / OOH / Digital / TVC 
New Product Development – (relevant to brand working in)
Product Penetration (width and depth of market)
Out of box ideas for business promotion
Travelled all across, China, Hongkong, Indonesia, Srilanka,
Thailand, Nepal
Industry Expertise:   Garments 
Inner wears / lingerie / Socks / Home wear
Infant and kids garments and accessories
Cosmetic and Cosmetic accessories. 
Consumer Durables (watches, Electric body grooming    accessories
– Hair Dryer, 
straightener, trimmer, shaver, etc.)
Beauty accessories / Utility accessories
FMCG
Proven Track record with: United Colors of Benetton
Vega (Cosmetic and fashion accessories)
Maxima Watches
Bodycare Interantional Ltd. / Bodycare Creations Ltd. 
Bannari Aman group (shiva Texyarn Ltd) 
LNJ Bhilwara Group (Maral overseas)
Prince Gutka Ltd. 
 
Page 1 of 6
 
 
Rupa and Company Ltd. 
Experience:           26 years +    
Recognitions:          Recipient of Brand of the Year in years three
times. (CMAI)
Recipient of Outstanding performer 4 times in Bodycare and Maxima
License for Walt Disney, Cartoon Network, POGO.
Consultant to Shehnaz cosmetics.
Experience
Vista Furnishing Ltd. At Alps Industries Ltd.
Cheif Executive Officer (CEO)
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
DElhi NCR
United Colors of Benetton India
Head - innerwear, athleisure, socks, loungewear
June 2019 - January 2022 (2 years 8 months)
Gurgaon, India
Working as Business Head with United Colors Of Benetton (for innerwear,
sportswear, loungewear, socks division) (an Italian multinational with presence
in 120 countries). Taking care of all marketing / sales, distribution / retail
development, MBO’s / LFS / EBO’s / E com / Digital Marketing / Product
development / credit control / Projections / Planning / Strategy / Advertising /
Promotions / Team management, and all allied functions. Profit management is
the key responsibility area.  
Shiva Tex Yarn Ltd -Garment Division, Bannari Amman Groups
Business Head
June 2017 - June 2019 (2 years 1 month)
Delhi, Delhi
Worked as Business Head (Profit centre head) with Shiva Texyarn Ltd. (A
Bannari Aman Group company with INR 550 Cr. Annual turnover) for the Kids
and infant inner-wears, non-disposable diapers, soft accessories, towels, dry
sheets, mattress protectors for different age groups.
 
Page 2 of 6
 
 
Taking care of all Marketing, Sales, projections, product development,
procurement / Production from China etc., including launches for new
products. All business development verticals taken care along with new
avenues like Distribution development, retail development, owned stores, SIS,
Advertising, promotion, sales, P&L management and reaching the desired
profitability from the division.
BODYCARE CREATIONS LIMITED
Business Head
April 2016 - June 2017 (1 year 3 months)
Delhi, Delhi
Worked as Business Head with Bodycare Creations Ltd. As incharge for all
innerwear / lounge wear / sports wear  Brands and new launches. Taking care
of Marketing, Sales, Promotions, PPC, and primarily as profit centre head.  To
my credit is the successful launch of all new brands. Creating product portfolio,
marketing policies, pricings, placement, ATL, BTL activities with establishing
brand in domestic and overseas market along with new developments and
team placements and trainings are the key responsibility areas. Mastered
the skill to understand the consumer especially female and done lingerie,
cosmetics, and accessories for more than 15 years. In a span of 8 months
appointed 110 distributors for one brand and 100 distributors for another re-
launched brand across India, also created 4000+ retail counters in 8 months
without and Ad. Support. Only thing which worked was market aggression,
good product, margin and scheme. 
Vega Industries Ltd.
Chief of Marketing
April 2014 - March 2016 (2 years)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
Worked as Chief of Marketing (Vice President) with M/s. Tri-Star Products
Pvt. Ltd. (Brand “VEGA” (Market leaders), in  body grooming accessories,
cosmetics along with electrical appliances like Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners,
Hair Trimmers, Shavers etc. 70% product range falls in FMCG and 30%
falls in Consumer durable. Handling Marketing operations world-wide for
the brand. Job profile includes- Marketing, Advertising, PR, ATL / BTL /
OOH, digital marketing, e-commerce, Sales support, market research, New
product development, New launches, Media planning and buying, Creative
strategy, Brand Strategy, Retail development, Owned store development,
Communication- brand and corporate, consumer engagement, brand visibility,
product visibility, Sales management, Scheme formulation, experiential
 
Page 3 of 6
 
 
marketing, tie up with related business organizations for cross promotional
activities etc.
P. A. Time Industries
Business Head & Sr. General Manager
October 2010 - March 2014 (3 years 6 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
Worked as General Manager (Business Head) with P A Time Industries
(Maxima Watches), reporting to Managing Director. (Turnover handled INR
150 Cr.).
Heading the verticals- Marketing (Brand building, Advertising- creative’s and
media planning, promotion, ATL, BTL activities, corporate branding, product
branding, communication, OOH, Digital etc. ), Sales ( Trade sales, Modern
trade, e- commerce, Institutional sales, CSD/CPC, exports, owned stores
network, Shop in shops, etc.), Production Planning, New Product development,
product procurement, raw material procurement and assembly. Managing and
opening of EBO’s and Kiosks in malls and high streets. Marketing the project
to attract higher number of consumers and converting them into sales by ideal
style of policies and placements. 
To my credit is the repositioning of brand in youth, getting new communication
strategy made along with creative’s as per new strategy ( TV commercial,
print ad’s, on shop promotion strategy along with pan India outdoor activities)
and get a higher realiasable value for product from market. Implemented
new policies, with better margin structure for trade, without harming the profit
interest of company. Improved the cash flow of company.
One out of the box process was -- repositioning of brand in youth of this
country along with keeping the existing consumer base intact, keeping in mind
the fact that low end watch consumer base is shrinking and a new class of
consumer base in increasing i.e. consumer base having more than 1 watch
in their wardrobe. Putting the product into the category of fashion accessory
instead of utility product as watch is no more a time machine.
Marketing activities keeping in mind the repositioning of brand- New products
developed like- car central locking in wrist watch, kids watch with a MP3
player, etc. 
BODYCARE CREATIONS LIMITED
 
Page 4 of 6
 
 
National Head to Sr. General Manager (Business Head) 
January 2000 - September 2010 (10 years 9 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
Worked as General Manager (Business Head) with Bodycare Group
companies such as Bodycare Creations Pvt. Ltd. and Bodycare International
Ltd. for brands like, ‘Bodycare’, ‘Proteens’.    (from a turnover of Rs. 3 Cr. To
150 Cr. Grew the brand and grown with the brand)
Brand ‘Bodycare’ is recipient of ‘BRAND OF THE YEAR’ award three times
2006, 2007 & 2009 from Clothing Manufacturers Association of INDIA (CMAI) /
KSA Technopack / ZOOM TV Channel, for Ladies innerwear (Lingerie)
category. This award was the result of a team work which had given the brand
a proper exposure and outstanding business under the guidance and team
working of undersigned. The award has given the brand different platform of
working.
In the same group joined as Marketing Manager (in year 2000) then elevated
to National Manager (Brand) and then again elevated to the post of General
Manager  in the year 2006.
 Turnover INR 150 Cr. (from INR 3 Cr. To INR 150 Cr.)
 Recipient of “Brand of The Year-2006, 2007 & 2009” from Clothing
Manufacturer association of India/ KSA Technopack.
 Spearheading the sales and marketing operations to ensure the growth of
the company and expansion of retails outlets (MBO’s).
 In depth knowledge of Knitted fabrics and garments.
 Ensured the ‘Bodycare Lingerie’ brand on the top 5 and nominated for
Images Retail Awards 2005 & and IFA 5th annual IMAGES Fashion Awards.
 Distinction of accomplishing sole licensee for Walt Disney in India for
innerwear category in Kids segment and maintained the licence for 9 years.
 
LNJ Bhilwara Group
Dy. Manager Marketing
August 1993 - December 1999 (6 years 5 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
LNJ Bhilwara Group as  Dy.  Manager (Marketing) (reporting to Plant chief-
President)       
 Engaged in business of premium innerwear Champs, Champs Elysis,
Bhilwara Classique  and  the launch of Buddy Davis Garments (T Shirts,
 
Page 5 of 6
 
 
Trousers, Shirts etc.),. This was prior to Jockey being market leader. Bhilwara
was the only premium innerwear at this point of time in India
 Association and control of owned chain of stores across the country, along
with launching of new products, distribution and sales control, up lifting of
current sales and generating new markets.
 Established own chain of stores across India.
Education
PG
PG, Business
 
Page 6 of 6
