 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/saranglakare
(LinkedIn)
new.intouchapp.com/sarang/
(Other)
Top Skills
Image Processing
Medical Imaging
Algorithms
Sarang Lakare, Ph.D.
Founder & CEO at InTouchApp
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Over 12 years of experience in research, prototyping, validation and
productization of algorithms and applications in the field of medical
image processing. Over 5 years experience leading and managing
research teams spread across the globe. Developed many state-of-
the-art medical image processing algorithms that are part of products
from reputed firms and being used by radiologists in clinical practice.
Experience in initiating and maintaining clinical collaborations,
publishing collaboration research results, designing and running
pilot studies. Over 40 publications, 4 granted US patents, and over
15 patent applications in the fields of medical imaging, computer
graphics (volume visualization) and computer vision.
I am passionate about technology and its impact on our society.
Besides medical and healthcare, I am interested in mobile
technology as a means for bringing innovations to the common man.
My dream is to develop cutting edge products that have a global
reach and have a positive impact on mankind.
Some of my contributions to the society in terms of code outside of
my profession are: OpenVL (volumetric image processing library)
and KMag (screen magnifier used in most Linux OS installations
today).
Specialties: Medical image processing; visualization; management
of research and development groups; inter-cultural, distributed and
international team management;clinical collaborations; optimized and
efficient coding;mobile and web technologies;
Experience
InTouchApp
Founder & CEO
December 2012 - Present (11 years 4 months)
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
InTouchApp is phone contact management done right - automatic, safe, cross-
platform & easy to use. We bring all your phone contacts in one place on the
cloud and sync them across your mobile phones & tablets. Its free and using
it is as easy as installing an app. If your contacts also use InTouchApp, we let
you keep your profile auto-updated on their phones and their info is kept auto-
updated on your phone. No more lost contacts, duplicates, wrong information
or contacts migration issues!
ASMI Consulting
Founder
September 2009 - December 2012 (3 years 4 months)
Entered into an agreement with Claron Tech Inc., Canada, for the development
of advanced algorithms and medical image processing software. Exploring
business development opportunities for Claron Tech in India.
Claron Technology
Sr. Research Engineer, Algorithmics
February 2009 - July 2012 (3 years 6 months)
Successfully built several advanced algorithms for automated analysis
and processing of medical imaging data (CT / MRI), such as, automated
spinal cord detection, automated segmentation / labeling of vertebrae and
discs, automated planning of pedicle screw placement, etc. Involved in the
development of the highly sophisticated Within-Sight Framework (WIF)
platform for rapid development and prototyping of medical image processing
algorithms. Relocated to Pune, India to initiate and expand Claron's presence
in India.
Siemens Healthcare
Research Project Manager, Sr. Staff Scientist
November 2003 - February 2009 (5 years 4 months)
Managing team of researchers towards the development of advanced, state
of the art algorithms for computer-aided detection (CAD) of anomalies in
the human body. Successfully delivered world's most sophisticated CAD
algorithms: detection of polyps in the colon in abdominal CT; detection of
thrombi in the pulmonary arteries in chest CT; detection of lung nodules in
chest CT; segmentation of Breast lesions in MRI; automatic measurement
of colonic polyps in 3D. Established collaborations with industrial and clinical
partners around the world (US, Europe and India) for validation and research
activities. Successfully built and managed (remotely) research team in
Bangalore, India.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Viatronix Inc
Researcher
May 2000 - April 2002 (2 years)
Developed world's first electronic cleansing algorithm (virtual removal of
residual material from CT of the human colon) delivered to radiologist
as an approved medical product, that enabled radiologist to perform CT
colonography (also know as virtual colonoscopy, for detecting cancerous
growth in the colon) while maintaining patient comfort. This advanced feature
gave Viatronix's V3D-Colon virtual colonoscopy software an edge over its
competitors.
Center for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) India
Intern
June 1997 - May 1998 (1 year)
Designed and implemented a parallel (multi-processor, distributed network) 3D
volume rendering algorithm based on Shear-Warp algorithm for visualization of
medical imaging data on the PARAM series of super computer at C-DAC.
Education
Stony Brook University
Ph.D, Computer Science (Visualization and Image Processing) · (2000 - 2003)
Stony Brook University
M.S., Computer Science (Visualization and Image Processing) · (1998 - 2000)
Savitribai Phule Pune University
BE, Computer Scinence and Engineering · (1994 - 1998)
Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1, Air Force Station, Pune
XII, Science · (1982 - 1994)
 
Page 3 of 3
