 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
sateeshkumartalupuri (LinkedIn)
hitecharticles.blogspot.com/ (Blog)
Top Skills
Korean
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Sensors
Languages
English
Telugu
Hindi
Korean
Certifications
Project Management Professional
Publications
Reconfigurable VLSI architecture
design for real time image
stabilization
Predicting Hospital Beds Utilization
For COVID-19 In Telangana, India
Sateesh Kumar Talupuri, PMP,
MS-DataScience , PGP-AIML
CEO at DiagnoSmart Private Limited
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Total Experience: 29+ years
* Presently heading the startup company DiagnoSmart Private
Limited as CEO (July, 2017 to Till Now)
* Handled responsibilities as CTO at BlueSilica Technologies, Korea
and ITMagic, Korea which provides advanced mobility solutions.
(May, 2012 to June, 2017 )
* 10+ years of Project Management and Software Development
experience in ITMagic, Seoul, South Korea. It is an esteemed Signal
Processing and Technology company which supports military and
big mobile and consumer electronic companies. (Jan, 2002 to May,
2012)
* 6+ years of Industrial experience  as Senior Engineer in One of
the India’s Premier public sector undertaking NTPC in Control and
Instrumentation Department. (December, 1995 to Jan, 2002)
* 3+ years of experience in Superconductivity and Artificial
Intelligence Laboratories of Central University of Hyderabad.
(June,1992 to December,1995)
I have expertise in following domains and platforms: 
* Digital Signal Processing - Audio,Video and Image signal
processing, Noise Reduction, Image compression,Algorithm
implementation and optimization on resource constraint embedded
platforms. 
* Multimedia Systems: Mpeg4 audio, video
codecs, JPEG,PNG,JPEG2000 Image codecs,
DMB,DVB,networking,streaming,security.
* Mobile Applications: Iphone, Android,Bada,Brew and custom
OS based mobile application related to voice recognition, noise
reduction, database, Camera and Audio, networking and streaming.
* Control Systems: PLCs,microntrollers,process interlocks, data
aquisition related to process industries.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
* Worked on various OS platforms like embedded linux, IOS,
Android, Bada, PrOS, DSP/BIOS, WinCE with coding experience
in various languages like C,C++,Objective C, Java and assembly
related to many RISC and DSP processors.
Specialties: Quick Learner, Good Grasping Skills, Good mentoring
and tutoring skills, Quick understanding of the problems and
resolving them, Good organizer of the Events, Continous learner,
Optimist with positive thinking.
Experience
DiagnoSmart Private Limited
CEO
August 2017 - Present (6 years 8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
DiagnoSmart Private Limited is a startup company providing automation
solutions using the latest technologies like cloud computing and mobility
to healthcare entities. DiagnoSmart is developing products for enhancing
efficiency and productivity of healthcare entities. 
BlueSilica Technologies, Korea
CTO
May 2012 - June 2017 (5 years 2 months)
Gangnam Gu, Seoul, Korea
I am presently working as CTO of BlueSilica Technologies, Korea and in the
process of setting up our entity as unique IP developer/provider for Mobility
and Embedded Systems Market. My role is to choose the direction and
approach for future business needs. Currently my job involves working closely
with a client – a very popular MNC of Korea - on their latest product line. As
head of projects delivery, I work in client’s R&D center along with a small team
of experts. We are optimizing performance of their smart phones line up, by
providing with our technology, which is first time in the world and uniquely
implemented by BlueSilica.
ITMagic Co. Ltd.
Project Manager/Technical Architect (Mobile Applications, Embedded
Systems, DSP)
January 2002 - May 2012 (10 years 5 months)
* Technical Decision Making before taking up the projects
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
* Interactive with clients for getting the requirements and defining the scope of
the project.
* Defining the overall design and structure of the project/product or application.
* Interviewing and recruiting the candidates for the projects when required. 
* Dividing the project into modules and delegating to team members. 
* Mentoring and guiding the team members to handle the modules and
assessing their work. 
* Maintaining Documentation, preparing reports and maintaining SVN version
control systems for project. 
* Coordinating between hardware/systems team and software development
teams. 
* Direct contribution to critical coding modules and framework design
modules. 
Handled full cycle projects related to Mobile Applications on Iphone OS,
Android and Bada OS, involving complex view management, database
management, network interaction, audio, video recording and playing, noise
reduction, face recognition, voice recognition and other signal processing
algorithms. 
Handled full scale projects for big clients for their projects related to DMB
(Digital TV) for their mobile phones, Wireless video and audio monitoring for
their security products using High end ARM and DSP processors. Handled
projects for entertainment products like Karaoke from idea inception stage to
product stage including hardware design, linux porting, bootloading, board
bring up, custom driver development and total application development. 
Worked on developing new algorithms for noise reduction for audio
applications as part of R&D by going through IEEE papers and interacting with
Korean Universities. 
Good hands on experience on mobile applications, Mpeg4 Audio, Video
codecs, assembly coding and architechture specfic optimizations, TI specific
image acceleration and image preprocessing engines, streaming of audio and
video, ARM related memory management, cache management.
NTPC
Senior Engineer (Control and Instrumentation)
December 1995 - January 2002 (6 years 2 months)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Control and Instrumentation R&D, maintenance, PLC programming,
Data acquisition systems, Control and Instrumentation installation and
commissioning of transmitters, sensors, cabling, control cabinets, debugging
and testing of control loops, calibration of all instruments, ISO 9000 family of
quality systems establishment, implementation and monitoring, ISO14000
family of environmental systems establishing, implementation and monitoring,
coordinating quality circles, professional circles and executive clubs within the
organization, software development for process simulators, Turbine, Boiler and
Generator controls
Central University of Hyderabad
Technical Assistant, AI lab and super conductivity lab.
June 1992 - November 1995 (3 years 6 months)
Worked as Technical Assistant in Lab, assisting professors and students in
their projects related to superconductivity, voice recognition systems, artificial
intelligence, robotics.
Education
Deakin University
Master's degree, Data science · (November 2022 - October 2023)
The University of Texas at Austin
Postgraduate Degree, Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning · (January
2020 - September 2021)
Institute of Electronics and Telecommunications
Bachelor's degree, Electronics and Telecommunications · (1992 - 1995)
Government Polytechnic, Hyderabad
Diploma, Electronics and Communication · (1988 - 1992)
 
Page 4 of 4
