 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mspace-
invisiblegrill-ceo (LinkedIn)
mspace.in/ (Company)
Top Skills
CEO/Founder
Sales Management
Project Management
Satish Kumar
CEO at Mspace Invisible Grills
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
I am Satish Kumar, founder and CEO at Mspace, an innovator who
has introduced path-breaking concepts in Indian homes. With a
strong fascination for modern technology, I like to come up with
unique solutions that are revolutionary and inspiring.
The need to protect the windows and balconies in apartments while
maintaining the aesthetics of the interiors led me to introduce the
Invisible Grill concept in India. 
While consulting for a client living on the 22nd floor, I thought of
installing glass doors. However, the client wasn’t happy with the
ideas as it wouldn't let him enjoy simple pleasures like a beautiful
breeze blowing in through the window or the sound and feel of rain.
These invisible grills are made of the best quality steel using
nanotechnology and were the perfect solution I was looking for.
The grills with their melted nylon coating are weather-proof and are
immune from the scorching summer or heavy rains. They are thin,
separated by 4mm which makes them completely invisible. 
The invisible grills consist of cables that have been tested for their
strength using advanced techniques. They do not compromise on
security to your interiors and are theft-proof. Any burglar attempting
to cut these wires will trigger an alarm up to a distance of 200
metres, making your home safe from intrusions of any kind. 
My successful collaboration with Lee Home Concept also led me
to introduce the concept of highly customized wall cushions for
homes and offices. These cushions are lightweight, available in
different materials and are completely maintenance-free. You can
customize them in any way you want as per the thickness, design,
texture, materials, and colours you want. We convert your wall into
a magnetic wall which makes it easier for you to replace the wall
cushion as you want. 
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
I am also a specialist in aluminium windows and doors that belong
to the luxury segment costing around INR 40 lakhs. These windows
are highly durable, resistant to corrosion, and are not vulnerable to
rust. They last for a lifetime being structurally stronger than other
materials. They are maintenance-free and operate smoothly for a
long time. They are slim in looks and can be given different looks
and finishes as per your specifications. You can also customize
them using any colour you like. Another significant feature is their
resistance to fire and therefore, are a safe choice for windows and
doors.
My vision is to change the concept of interior design across India by
introducing never-before ideas that have been successfully tested in
nations worldwide.
Experience
Mspace Invisible Grills
CEO
March 2017 - Present (7 years 1 month)
Hyderabad, Telangana
MSpace is an interior product based company which is presently dealing with
invisible grilles, wall cushions and blind engine and more. It started in 2017
and has already completed over 800 projects pan India.
For any space an interior presence is way more essential when compared
to exterior as people tend to use them more. MSpace helps in improving the
interior spaces with respect to safety, security as well as looks.
 
Page 2 of 2
