 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/satyam0521
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Product Design
Interdisciplinary Research
Public Relations
Certifications
Programming for Everybody (Getting
Started with Python)
Intro to Digital Manufacturing with
Autodesk Fusion 360
Autodesk Fusion 360 Integrated
CAD/CAM/CAE
Certified SolidWorks Associate
Publications
Design, usage and review of a cost
effective and innovative face shield
in a tertiary care teaching hospital
during COVID-19 pandemic
Design and Manufacture of
Customizable Finger Immobilizer
and Mallet Finger Splints
Fucntional Modification of Upper
Limb Prosthesis for Below Elbow
Congential Deficiencies
Patents
Design Patent of a ‘Automated Jaw
Rehabilitation Device’
Satyam Chaturvedi
Founder and CEO at Cre-AID | Rehabilitation Devices | Making
thermoplastic splinting accessible to all | Vegan
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
I’m a sustainable vegan entrepreneur. I have always shown an
interest in rehabilitation devices and get fascinated by advanced
prosthetics and exoskeletons out there. This interest drove me to
work on rehab projects from making a lower limb exoskeleton to
working on an automated jaw rehab device. I started my company
Cre-AID Labs with the invision to make advanced rehabilitation
technology accessible to all. 
In my free time, I participate in vegan activism and promote
minimalist living.
Experience
Cre-AID Labs
Co-Founder, Director
October 2020 - Present (3 years 6 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
NIDHI-EIR (Goverment Funded)
NIDHI- Entrepreneur In Residence
July 2019 - October 2020 (1 year 4 months)
Manipal, Karnataka
Project title - Myoelectric Upper Limb Prosthetic
The project aims to develop and commercialize a Self-Driven 3D printed
myoelectric
prosthesis for amputees. The proposed device, at an affordable cost, will
substantially alter
the need in India and bring a solution within the reach of many who cannot
even dream
about them now. While such devices exist abroad, even many western
patients cannot
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
afford them and Indian patients cannot even dream of possessing such high-
end device.
Kasturba Medical College, Manipal
Research associate
June 2018 - October 2020 (2 years 5 months)
KMC, Manipal
Project Title: 3D Printed Upper Limb Prosthetics
Mentor: Dr Anil K Bhatt, HOD Of Orthopedic Department
Team of doctors and engineer aim to make affordable, light weight and
working prosthetics for the patient.
My roles in this Project are:
• Work with the Dr. Anil K Bhat to develop overall schedule, manage time and
tasks within schedule.
• Work with the physician and other medical personal to obtain feedback on
concept 
• Responsible for conducting Design Reviews at various Stages
• Editing the standard CAD model, 3D printing and Assembling the model
according to the patient.
Seelen HealthTech Pvt. Ltd.
Product Design & Development Intern
February 2017 - June 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Innovation center, Manipal 
Seelan HeatlhTech Pvt. Ltd is a govt. funded startup, developing a product for
rehabilitation of patients suffering from OSMF. 
My roles in this company were:
o Conceptualized the engineering behind the device working.
o PCB designing & fabrication
o CAD modelling & simulation of the device
o 3D printing & assembling the model.
o Patient testing.
Manipal Institute of Technology
Research Assistant
May 2016 - May 2018 (2 years 1 month)
Bio-medical lab MIT, Manipal
Received training and aided in building innovative medical devices like a
wearable prototype of an exoskeleton that are aimed at rehabilitation and
therapy. 
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
o Exoskeleton, Device for active orthosis of patients of paraplegia as a part
of a team of three. This included designing concept of the model, creating
algorithm for its functioning, fabricating the electronics circuit and hardware of
the prototype.
o Blood Level Sensor device and a prototype of a Robotic arm were some of
the other projects.
Anahera HealthTech Pvt. Ltd.
Product Design & Development Intern 
November 2017 - January 2018 (3 months)
Innovation Centre, Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal
This a startup working on making an affordable and light weight electrolarynx. 
My roles in this company were:
o Conceptualized the engineering behind the device working
o Creating the CAD model for the device and simulate the working in CAD
environment
o 3D printing & assembling the model.
National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd.
Trainee
June 2017 - July 2017 (2 months)
NTPC, Dadri
On-sight training in gas power plant, coal handling plant, ash handling
and boiler maintenance division. It is a company incorporated under the
Government of India with its core business is in generation and sales of
electricity to state-owned power distribution.
Education
Manipal Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Mechanical Engineering · (2015 - 2019)
Delhi Public School Ghaziabad
12, Science · (2012 - 2014)
 
Page 3 of 3
