 
 
Contact
shivanandr@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/shivanand-
rao-59b9691b (LinkedIn)
trailhead.salesforce.com/en/
me/00550000007QUv2AAG
(Other)
Top Skills
Salesforce.com Consulting
Salesforce Lightning
Salesforce Sales Cloud
Languages
Hindi
Marathi
Kannada
Telugu
English
Certifications
marketing-cloud-social-specialist-
certification-maintenance-spring-17
Salesforce Platform Basics Badge
Salesforce Platform Basics Badge
Superbadge Security Specialist
Lightning Experience Basics Badge
Shivanand Rao
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at SRCloudWare / Investor
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Congratulations, Shivanand! One of the top 5% LinkedIn profiles for
2012 views belongs to you!
Ranger - Salesforce - Trailhead Congratulations!You've reached the
very top rank.
• Salesforce Lightning, Apex, Visual Force, and SFDC expert
• Proven track record of leadership, change management, project
delivery, scoping, and techno-functional managerial experience in
the SFDC CRM domain.
• A goal-oriented, results-driven individual with the ability to
collaborate across diverse regions and a reputation for high-quality
output. 
• Analyses end-to-end dependencies quickly when mapping
requirements to design and execution in SFDC Projects.
• In various roles, I've designed and delivered dozens of SFDC big
project implementations for businesses of varying sizes.
Experience
SRCloudWare
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
2019 - Present (5 years)
India
SRCloudWare is a Cloud Solution Expert company. Specialized in consulting,
End-End Implementation of Salesforce, CPQ, Vlocity Projects.
You can find more information here :  https://www.srcloudware.com
SIXT Research & Development India
Engineering Manager
2018 - 2019 (1 year)
Bangalore
About SIXT:
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Sixt was founded by Martin Sixt in 1912 Munich, Germany and started out
with a fleet of just three vehicles. With over 100 years in the business, Sixt has
earned a trusted reputation as a global leading car rental provider. Today they
are present in over 105 countries with branches in over 5000 locations. Sixt
car rental services are available internationally, in almost every major city and
tourist destination worldwide and at convenient locations such as airports, train
stations, cruise ports, and hotels.
Sixt is Germany’s leading provider of mobility services, and also on a
successful expansion track in Europe and in North America. With revenues
in excess of 2 billion euros and a fleet of 225,000 cars, we have moved into
over 100 different countries worldwide. Sixt is the largest fleet purchaser of
BMW’s internationally. However, does not consider itself a luxury car rental
company but a company with superior service and better cars for everyone at
an exceptional value.
At Sixt, customers are guests. It’s not a rental transaction but an experience
as that of a five-star hotel. Sixt hires service oriented individuals, free to travel,
and open to cultural experiences interacting with customers and colleagues
from many diverse backgrounds.  Sixt is more than just cars, we have a
passion for style, technology, innovation, creativity and entrepreneurial spirit.
About SIXT Research & Development:
Sixt Research & Development India endeavours to offer innovative mobility
solutions to our members in over 100 countries. 
SRCloudWare
Founder & Managing Director
February 2017 - October 2018 (1 year 9 months)
India
SRCloudWare is a Cloud Solution Expert company. Specialized in consulting,
End-End Implementation of Salesforce, CPQ, Vlocity Projects.
You can find more information here :  https://www.srcloudware.com
J.P. Morgan
Vice President, Global Technology
2016 - 2017 (1 year)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
India
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm
with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in
investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses,
commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management.
A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's
most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P.
Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is
available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
Schneider Electric
5 years
Assistant General Manager - SFDC Platform Technical Architect
2015 - 2016 (1 year)
-   Define and implement governing processes based on Salesforce best
practices for "Configuration Management","Continues Engineering", "Incident
Management with MCS"
-   Work with enterprise and domain architects as needed to evolve strategies,
policies, processes and procedures,blueprints and standards related to sales
force platform, components and protocols.
-   Develop and maintain formal strategies, sourcing guidance, technical
standards, blueprints, reference architectures, architecture patterns and
technology road-maps for Schneider electric front office applications
-   Design flexible, scalable and robust state-of-the-art architecture for
Customer Relationship Management to meet the dynamic needs using
Salesforce: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, force.com
-   Present architecture options and recommendations including configuration
vs. customization the use of salesforce.com standard features
-   Conceptualize, present, and execute ideas with particular emphasis on
serving as a technical lead on development projects with on-shore and off-
shore components, or a team lead or architect across multiple software
development projects or workstreams
-   Serve as the bridge between the functional analysts and the technical
developers to transform and develop new requirements into designs,
development approaches and implementation
-   Drive adoption of development methodology best practices across the
Global Delivery and Solution Teams
-   Evangelize and facilitate the Salesforce platform and eco-system across the
organization
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Identify problem areas (process and technical) and recommend solutions
-   Conduct industry and market research. Maintain a working knowledge of
technologies and general themes in assigned areas. Engage agency subject
matter experts
Principal Consultant - SFDC / Architect- SFDC CRM Solutions /
Applications Manager
2011 - 2015 (4 years)
Bangalore
-  Played a different role as a Lead Technical Solutions Architect, Applications
Manager, Principal Consultant – SFDC
-  Managing complex global business environment and interact with senior
leaders across geographies.
-   Solution Architect connectors between SFDC and BOX , SAP, Intouch via
Middleware (Cordys, edifixio),
-   Conduct business requirement & prototyping workshops with business
users to support tailoring of Salesforce.com applications and provide
consultancy.
-   Define system landscape, to identify gaps between current and desired end-
states, and deliver a CRM solution
-   Frequent travels to Europe for requirement gathering and schedule CRP,
UAT sessions.
-   Provide SFDC Project estimate.
-   Recommend Schneider for some project to converted Sales force Licence to
Force.com Licence to reduce the cost.
-   Suggest some of Schneider Project to use communities (Customer &
Partner Communities).
-   Design various complex Schneider process on Force.com platform.
-   Coordinate between Europe ,US and India team on various stages of
projects
-   Create a technical design for the requirements in the project.
Adobe Systems
SFDC Analyst
September 2010 - October 2011 (1 year 2 months)
Sunovaa Tech.
Technical Lead / SFDC Analyst
September 2010 - October 2011 (1 year 2 months)
Wipro Technologies
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Technical Lead
April 2010 - September 2010 (6 months)
THOMSON REUTERS
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
2008 - 2010 (2 years)
SLK
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
2005 - 2008 (3 years)
Education
BE
KVH
10 & 12, 10 & 12
 
Page 5 of 5
