 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shyam-
kukreja--50919317 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Linux
Cloud Computing
Solution Architecture
Certifications
RedHat Certified Engineer
Honors-Awards
Pat on Back Award
Shyam Kukreja
Founder & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at Cloud Champions
Ventures
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Experienced Cloud Architect with a demonstrated history of working
in the computer software industry. Skilled in Amazon Web Services
(AWS), Solution Architecture, DevOps, Linux and Replication.
Strong operations professional with a Bachelor's degree focused
in Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering from
Pravara Engineering College Loni. 
Experience
Cloud Champions Ventures
Founder & Chief Executive Officer
October 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Pune/Pimpri-Chinchwad Area
NetServ
AWS Solution Architect
April 2020 - November 2022 (2 years 8 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Here I manage Client in Health Domain and I am helping them migrate legacy
workloads on Multi Cloud Environment.I also manage a team of 3 members for
POC.
My responsibilities in this project includes:
1. Coordinating with Client to understand the migration requirement.
2. Study the migration patterns and Isolate to prepare work strategy.
3. Implementing and managing AWS Landing zone.
4. Writing Service Control Policies (SCP's) for Landing Zone.
5. Suggesting Appstream 2.0 as a solution to Stake holders looking for
managed Streaming applications.
6. Identifying the servers to be decommissioned.
7. Identifying servers for lift & shift approach.
8. Exploring migration tools like CloudEndure, Cloudamize & Migration Hub.
9. Coordinating with teams for gathering the required Server & application info.
 
Page 1 of 7
 
 
10. Identifying servers for re-architecture and planning out implementation
strategies.
Particle41
Technical Lead & Solution Architect
November 2019 - April 2020 (6 months)
Here I managed a new Client who wanted to get established as an
Media Streaming Platform Company and looked after the R&D, design &
Implementation of infrastructure. This was an individual contributor role and I
had to report to CTO while collabrating with Developers. CI-CD implementation
was also part of my job role.
My responsibilities in this project included:
1. Coordinating with CTO & Client to prepare the road-map as per the
requirement.
2. Suggesting architecture changes in current project.
3. Research over the upcoming AWS technologies like Landing Zone, Control
Tower, appsync etc.
4. Working with Developers to plan the workflow & features.
5. Work with QA team to automate the cases.
6. Implementing CI-CD automation on test & Prod environment using AWS
Code-pipeline.
Shell scripts for Automation:
 Wrote shell script to update build.yml parameters for appsync & aws.
 Wrote shell script to create QA environment for testing automation.
 Wrote Lambda function to trigger scripts to prepare QA Environment.
 Wrote terraform script to build the infrastructure stack.
TIBCO Software Inc.
Cloud Operations Principal Architect
December 2014 - November 2019 (5 years)
Pune Area, India
Here I manage Tibco Spotfire enterprise & Cloud Product support. Being the
only Ops member in
India I got a chance to recruit & build entire team of 15 members. I also worked
on 4 different
Projects / products simultaneously and added the hired members into these
products.
 
Page 2 of 7
 
 
My responsibilities in this project include:
1. Coordinating with Product Stake holders & respective Support teams.
2. Suggesting architecture for few projects.
3. Managing Tibco Spotfire Enterprise Product & Cloud environment.
4. Helping India QA team with the pre-production environment for testing.
5. Training & leading the team to handle 4-projects.
6. Arranging workshops over new AWS / Azure services for a Team of 15
members.
7. Coordinating production deployment & hot-fixes.
8. Exploring new tools & technologies e.g Data-dog, Appdynamics.
Shell scripts for Automation:
 Wrote cost-optimization python script with the help of team to save on AWS
resources.
 Wrote shell script to extract the AWS running instances and shut it down.
 Wrote shell script to extract free EIP and release those.
 Wrote Lambda function to trigger important scripts.
 Wrote terraform script to build a stack.
 Wrote CF template to automate Icinga Server Installation.
Synechron
Sr. System Engineer
June 2012 - November 2014 (2 years 6 months)
Pune Area, India
My responsibilities in this project included:
1. Managing linux media servers farms and provide application support.
2. Patching Linux physical and xen boxes.
3. Creating Satellite channels on Satellite server.
4. Automation via shell scripting and mysql DB support.
5. Troubleshooting the customized applications.
TSYS
System Engineer
January 2012 - June 2012 (6 months)
Here my responsibility was to provide access to the users on RHDS &
application servers.
It also included providing access to users on dev/prod VDI servers. Handling
mysql database and
shell scripting to automate the tasks.
 
Page 3 of 7
 
 
My responsibilities in this project included:
1. Requirements and Analysis: Understanding the requirements of the project
and planning
the environment and the access required.
2. Implementing mysql replication over linux servers.
3. Fine tuning the existing applications.
4. Testing & debugging the scripts for any errors.
iGATE
Sr System Engineer
November 2009 - December 2011 (2 years 2 months)
CPI is a Maintenance Project that caters to maintenance/enhancements of
different applications,
which are a part of Genworth Imaging Solutions. It has different applications
that process the
scanned Insurance documents sent from different Providers and stores the
information in Oracle
Database and images in P8 Filenet. It has multiple applications to generate
reports to be sent to
providers.
Administration Support:
 Providing support to the L1 engineers.
 Monitoring P8 Filenet application.
 Handling Tickets raised by the users.
 Administration of the 10 Linux Proxy servers and mysql servers.
 Implementing mysql replication.
 Checking the logs of the sites visited by the users and the data downloaded.
Application Support:
 To make sure that the customer applications like eProcess, Trexo are
working fine.
 To make sure all the customized filenet instances are working fine.
 Writing scripts to automate few of the applications.
Mysq l / Oracle / SQL Support:
 Preparing SQL queries for the client users.
 Handling Oracle database.
 Testing insert, select, update queries over servers and deploying over
production.
 
Page 4 of 7
 
 
 Handling the bugs raised by the users.
 Implementing mysql replication over linux servers.
 Taking database backup through mysql dump.
T & M Services Pvt Ltd.
Sr. Associate (Linux Admin) with 5.6 yrs exp. in Linux, mysql, shell
scripting.
July 2008 - October 2009 (1 year 4 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Our primary objective was to provide login based internet access to all the
employees of Reliance
Industries Ltd. in India and abroad (London, Singapore). We implemented
different ACL’s to allow
/block the various sites and providing DNS, SMTP and FTP support.
My responsibilities in this project included:
Administration Support :
 Administration of the 44 Linux Proxy, 2 FTP, 2 DNS, 2 SMTP servers. ( HP
DL 320 g5 and
380 g6 Servers)
 Administration & Hardening of the servers through the console (ILO).
 Managing DNS & SMTP servers.
Automation of the tasks through scripts and cron utility.
 Fine-tune systems and re-allocate resources, if necessary.
 Monitoring logs to detect for any security breach.
My-Sql Database Administration :
 Optimizing the server for performance which includes, disk & memory
management,
and diagnosing problems.
 Disaster prevention and recovery including creating consistent backups and
restoring
databases in case of network, application, or hardware failure.
 Mysql replication implementation on 44 linux proxy servers.
Shell scripts for Automation:
 Wrote shell script to extract the logs of the user including the sites accessed
and the
 
Page 5 of 7
 
 
 date accessed on which was successfully deployed over Production Proxy
servers.
CMC LTD
Linux Engineer
January 2008 - June 2008 (6 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Our primary objective was to provide login based internet access to all the
employees of Reliance
Industries Ltd. in India and abroad (London, Singapore). We implemented
different ACL’s to allow
/block the various sites and providing DNS, SMTP and FTP support.
My responsibilities in this project included:
Administration Support :
 Administration of the 44 Linux Proxy, 2 FTP, 2 DNS, 2 SMTP servers. ( HP
DL 320 g5 and
380 g6 Servers)
 Administration & Hardening of the servers through the console (ILO).
 Managing DNS & SMTP servers.
Automation of the tasks through scripts and cron utility.
 Fine-tune systems and re-allocate resources, if necessary.
 Monitoring logs to detect for any security breach.
My-Sql Database Administration :
 Optimizing the server for performance which includes, disk & memory
management,
and diagnosing problems.
 Disaster prevention and recovery including creating consistent backups and
restoring
databases in case of network, application, or hardware failure.
 Mysql replication implementation on 44 linux proxy servers.
Shell scripts for Automation:
 Wrote shell script to extract the logs of the user including the sites accessed
and the
 date accessed on which was successfully deployed over Production Proxy
servers.
 
Page 6 of 7
 
 
Education
Pravara Engineering College Loni
Bachelor's degree, Electrical, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2002 - 2007)
 
Page 7 of 7
