 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tanaypratap
(LinkedIn)
tanaypratap.com (Portfolio)
Top Skills
Marketing Strategy
Entrepreneurship
React
Languages
Hindi (Full Professional)
English (Full Professional)
Certifications
Instructional Design Essentials:
Models of ID
Tanay Pratap
Founder & CEO, Invact Inc. | Fixing Education | xMicrosoft
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
What's my story? An engineer, in love with his job, started teaching
on the side. Got lucky. Impacted 1000s of lives. Had to finally leave
his job to increase the impact surface area. Raised $5M funding to
fix education. Is learning day in and day about startups and building
a valuable product. 
How is it going? A decade of engineering helps in systems thinking
and product building. Learning about Strategy, Marketing, People
Management, and Finance on the go. 
What am I building? Today, 25 million Indians prepare for
government job entrance exams. They do it for years together. The
probability of success is less than 1% but they still do it. Why? For
the lack of a structured alternative to launch their white collar career.
I am building Invact to bridge this gap. 
How? Follow me to know, it's a long story. I am telling it in parts
every day.
Experience
Invact Metaversity
2 years 4 months
Founder & CEO
May 2022 - Present (1 year 11 months)
Everything on the table. Building the startup leaner and faster. Fixing education
on the go.
Founder & CTO
December 2021 - May 2022 (6 months)
India
Fixing Education. Building an immersive social learning experience for next
gen learning.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Microsoft
4 years 1 month
Senior Software Engineer
March 2021 - December 2021 (10 months)
People Experiences across Microsoft apps. Web + React Native + React
Native Desktop ensures that the controls I am writing runs on all Microsoft
apps across platforms. Millions of users, 100s of scenarios, 25+ apps and 6
platforms. Building controls to work for all of these.
Software Engineer II (Tech Lead)
September 2020 - March 2021 (7 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Moved to People Experiences Team to build High-Value Controls which run on
multiple platforms and can be used by apps across Microsoft.
Software Engineer II
August 2019 - September 2020 (1 year 2 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Worked on Microsoft Outlook Web app. The team working on Mail module
which is used by 70 Million+ users. Delivered Item View during the rewrite from
legacy to ReactJS, loved by 30% user base of the mail app.
Software Engineer II
December 2017 - August 2019 (1 year 9 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Working on creating the N* architecture. Started with creating a bridge
framework to host React inside Angular app. Now, creating an app using
Teams' micro frontend framework. This app is the official note-taking app and
has amazing co-authoring capabilities. 
Tech Stack: React, Apollo, GraphQL, Typescript
Artifacia
Senior Software Engineer
January 2017 - November 2017 (11 months)
Bangalore
Created the enterprise dashboard and the public store which saw huge daily
traffic and peak traffic during holiday seasons. Built the tech team. Played the
role of interviewer, mentor and scrum master. Setup engineering build process
and best practices.
Tech Stack: React, Redux, NodeJS, Redis, MongoDB, AWS
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Cisco
Software Engineer II
June 2015 - January 2017 (1 year 8 months)
Bangalore
As a full stack developer, my role was to create automated internal web portals
for QA and SOC team. Also, used ML to automate the bug triage process
which was done manually before. 
Tech stack: AngularJS, Flask, Scikit-learn, Python
Cypress Semiconductor
Software Engineer
June 2012 - June 2015 (3 years 1 month)
Bangalore, India
Part of Network Team. Automated Network Security and Monitoring. Wrote
specs for company's network policy around wireless and security, designed
and worked on the guest signup portal.
Tech Stack: Python, Django, jQuery, MySQL
Ixia
Intern
February 2012 - June 2012 (5 months)
Automated scripts and system integration testing for Ix2Nx product.
Tech Stack: Python, bash
Nettech Private Limited
Technical Instructor
December 2010 - January 2011 (2 months)
Interned as “Technical Instructor” for Nettech Pvt. Limited for their winter
program 2011 at 
BITS Kolkata Center and configured FTP, Apache, DNS, NFS, SMB, Proxy
servers and 
Firewalls for testing students and conducted lectures on TCP/IP protocols. 
The work involved configuration of Switches for Spanning Tree, Virtual LAN
configurations, ether 
channel, port security etc. Configuration of Routers involved basic vty and
password, routing 
protocols.
Education
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Manipal Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Information Technology · (2008 - 2012)
Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Bokaro
Mathematics and Computer Science · (2006 - 2008)
 
Page 4 of 4
