 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/uday-
kumar-614bb320 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Embedded Systems
Semiconductors
SoC
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Hindi (Full Professional)
Telugu (Native or Bilingual)
Kannada (Limited Working)
Uday Kumar
CEO & Founder at Juntran Technologies Pvt Ltd
Bangalore Rural, Karnataka, India
Summary
Technical Sales/Business development Supporting a  dynamic
sales staff with a strong customer base where my many years of
experience can further the goals and expand the business of my
Employer. 
Use technical knowledge, leadership skills, and experience to
cultivate business relationships that consistently yield valuable and
profitable business results.
Sixteen years of experience in Design, Verification,field applications
engineering,Sales and technical marketing of semiconductor
components and systems
Provided ongoing training and support of outside sales network
including distribution and sales reps.
Seasoned customer-facing engineer experienced in securing high
profile design-wins. 
Skilled at communicating technical information, pricing, business
issues, and product enthusiasm to management, engineering, and
purchasing.
Proven-Skills, managing end-to-end sales, pricing, delivery, end of
life, and marketing process.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills, Strong
presentation skills in English and local language, excellent time
management capabilities, a creative thinker with excellent work ethic
and strong analytical skills. Able to prioritize tasks to balance support
and sales needs.
Result Oriented, Fair for selling, Good Interpersonal skills,
Leadership Qualities, Good Team Player with Positive Attitude. 
Experience
Juntran Technologies Pvt Ltd
CEO And Co Founder 
July 2018 - Present (5 years 9 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Manage the board of Directors
Create the Vision that i want for my Customers
Recruit and retain the best Talent
Build & lead the Executive team
Ensure that the Product roadmap is in alignment with My Startup’s vision
Create & keep a close eye on My KPIs
Pilot the Fund-raising
Develop & maintain the Business plan
Managing Finances
Engage My Team
SiValley Technologies
Vice President Technical Sales
September 2017 - August 2018 (1 year)
India
- Business development 
- Develop an annual marketing and sales plan to meet agreed company
objectives.
- Strategic work with the Key Influence rs of the business.
- Company brand building.
- Creating new Accounts ,channel partners management,preparing sales
agreements with current customers and new customers.
consultant and free lancer
GM Sales
July 2015 - August 2017 (2 years 2 months)
Bangalore
- Business development - Revenue targets and growth plans.
- Develop an annual marketing and sales plan that details the year's activity to
meet agreed company objectives.
- Key account development and management. Strategic work with the Key
Influencers of the business.
- Company brand penetration and market/segment expansions.
- Strategic team Planning and management with a core focus on achieving
results with integrity and ethical standards.
- Creating new Accounts ,channel partners management,preparing sales
agreements with current customers and new customers.
AppliedMicro
Key Account Manager at Applied Micro
July 2012 - July 2015 (3 years 1 month)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Bangalore
As Key Account Manager I am working with key Indian Tier 1 Telecom
customers like CISCO, Juniper, and Tier 2 customers like Tejas Networks,
UTL, MRO-Tech, CDOT, Fibcom, Happiest Minds, Wipro, BEL CRL, CEM
Solutions etc in designing various Telecom, GPON,High Speed Muxponders/
Transponders, routers and cloud computer products. 
My key role and responsibilities are Presale, post-sale support, System level
design, layout review, schematic reviews, BOM analysis of customer designs
prior to product assembly.
Provided SW/HW training on APM connectivity and cloud computing Products
to APM customers and Avnet FAE Team.  .
Doing Competitor analysis, weekly and monthly sales action plan to APM
Marketing and sales, reflecting the activities required in each account
to achieve sales objectives. Able to negotiate and close sales in routine
situations, and with the guidance of marketing when handling more complex
deals.
Participated in Trade Displays and Conference when required. 
Provided Direct Solution Selling and distributor/channel selling with 
Extrovert, Assertive and Persistent skills.
Increased sales approximately $2.5 million by supporting CDOT Office OLT
and DWDM based Muxponder card design and Fibcom STM-64/OUT-2 Line
card design.
Helped engineering team in preparing various product documents and
application notes for new generation products as per the customer’s
requirements (HW design, reference design, SW device driver documents
etc). 
Prepared proposals for customer requirements/Bids and worked with factory
development and management personnel to ensure APM products could meet
customers’ needs at a competitive price with expected delivery dates. 
BOM optimization to meet the tender requirements.
Involved in providing support to Indian Customer in developing 10/40/100G
SONET/SDH,GE, DWDM, Data Center products, Control cards, Media
Gateway, Micro Servers, Routers, GPON, Data Center and Cloud computing
products. 
PMC-Sierra
Sr.Field Application Engineer
January 2008 - July 2012 (4 years 7 months)
Bangalore, India
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
As Sr.Field Application Engineer I was involved in Presale and post-sale
support, Design, layout and schematic reviews of customer designs prior to
product, training and technical support after the sale for CPD, GPON, WiMax
and WIN BU products.
Supported Major Indian Telecom customers like CISCO, Juniper, Tejas
Networks, Ciena, Ordyn , VMC ,UTL, CDOT, CARC, Fibcom, MAC etc in
designing various Telecom Wire line and Wireless products. 
Increased sales approximately $3M by supporting Tejas Networks and Ordyn
design engineers in designing High Density T-1/E-1 Tributary Card, and
STM-16 and STM-64 line cards.
Provided both hardware and software training to customers and fellow Field
Application Engineers.
Prepared proposals for numerous customer requirements and worked with
factory development and management personnel to ensure PMC products
could meet customers’ needs at a competitive price with expected delivery
dates. 
Possess excellent verbal and written communications skills, excellent time
management capabilities, a creative thinker with excellent work ethic and
strong analytical skills. Able to prioritize tasks to balance support and sales
needs.
Interfaced with customers at all levels at both component and system level.
Interacted with marketing and engineering to feedback suggestions for new
products as well as improvements to existing products. Provide sales and
technical training to sales team, distribution and sales channel partners. 
Involved in providing support to Indian Customer in developing DWDM, POTP,
ADM, MADM, DSLAM, Media Gateway, Mobile Back Haul, Router, switches
and GPON products. 
ASTUTO Telecom Inc.( March 2003 to January 2008)(Bangalore)
Senior Design Engineer
March 2003 - January 2008 (4 years 11 months)
Designed STM-1/4 ADM Pizza box with 42 E1’s, 1 E3 and 8 10/100 Mb
Ethernet tributary basic interfaces. The box can be software configured to
support 63 E-1’s also without E3 and 10/100 Mb Ethernet tributary interfaces. 
Responsible for software and hardware design for transportation of   traffic and
Synchronization in the SDH system. It involves configuring STM-1/4 Mapper,
Overhead Termination, Auto Protection Switching, Alarm and Performance
Monitoring / Reporting to Processor card.
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Responsible for the design of STM-16 aggregate card with 16 STM-1’s or
4 STM-4’s as tributary interfaces. The box can be software configured to
SONET/SDH (10 Layer PCB).
Responsible for software and hardware design for transportation of   traffic and
Synchronization in the SDH system. It involves configuring STM-16 Mapper,
Overhead Termination, Auto Protection Switching, Alarm and Performance
Monitoring / Reporting to Processor card.
Involved in the System integration, Type evaluation and Field trails of STM-16
aggregate MUX system.
Iplay Networks PVTLtd (Jan 2000 to March 2003).(Hyderabad)
Sr. Design Development
January 2000 - March 2003 (3 years 3 months)
Developed System level architecture for wireless LAN MAC controller, which
are compatible With 802.11 specs.
Developed Transmitter and Receiver protocols for the 802.11MAC, Wrote
simulation models in C for fragmentation, encryption, filtering, Protocol control,
and transmission, Receiver functionality includes Reception, Protocol control,
decryption, defragmentation. 
Wrote the RTL code for Fragmentation (This fragmentation module
functionality is to get the chunk of data from the above layers (Data link)
and fragment that and add appropriate header to every fragment, send
those fragmented packets through the medium). Wrote the RTL code for
Defragmentation module.(functionality of this module is to get all the fragments
received through the medium from transmitter and remove header parts of all
the Fragments and send the chunk of data to the down layer.
DLRL (Defense Electronics Research Laboratory)
Technical Assistant
September 1998 - November 1999 (1 year 3 months)
Was Involved in Designing hardware and software products for military
communications systems, designed, built and managed internal product
demonstration station, gave customer demonstrations.
Involved in Field testing of Radar controlling system.
Education
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
JNTU, B.Tech ECE · (1995 - 1998)
 
Page 5 of 5
