 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
cvenkataramana (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Computer Operations
Customer Negotiations
Global Business Development
Languages
English
Hindi
Telugu
Certifications
Entrepreneurship course at National
Institute for Small Industries
Extension Training
Venkata Ramana Cherukuri
Chief Executive Officer at Fidelity Systems
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
40+ years of Hands on experience in systems design and
integration in Energy Efficient Lighting, Cooling, Electronic Security,
Surveillance, Energy Efficient Technologies, Solar,  Energy
Conservation, Building and Home Automation, RF and Microwave,
Broadcast , Digital Cinema, Distance Learning etc
Specialties: Systems Design, Integration , Visualisation of future on
what technologies dominate, Adaptation of latest technologies in
current solutions, business development and consultancy
Experience
Fidelity Systems
36 years 8 months
Chief Executive
August 1987 - Present (36 years 8 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Accountabilities:
Managing all the company's activities as a Profit Center Head & taking
responsibility for achieving the direction of growth and profit making. 
Overseeing all the company's activities from Procurement to Purchase from
Development to Designs, from Administration to Marketing, from Human
Resource Management to Liaison.
Noteworthy Attainments
Instrumental in bagging several projects against heavy odds and competition
from giants, and was the mainstay in implementation of those projects to the
complete satisfaction of the customers. 
New products launched like Foil Capacitors, import substitute, only
manufacturer in India till date, developed and launched- RF Amplifier modules
- critical items used in transmitters - an import substitute.  First of its kind in the
world - a security system - anti-shoplifting unit - for an American Client
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Key customers handled : Defence Establishments, Air Force, National remote
Sensing Centre, All India Radio, Doordarshan, BHEL, AP State Legislative
Assembly, Motorola etc
Unique initiative taken to improve customer satisfaction level - meet their most
difficult challenge and prove that we are dependable, Ask them to give us only
problematic issues to begin with, and deliver.
Sales increase in my territory after I took over - 200% year on year.
New markets developed- New Departments penetrated. 
Strategies devised to increase business -  Interact with clients- identify growth
areas, either source or develop products  services to meet the customers
requirements at a price point that is acceptable to them and yielding good
operating margins for us. Foresee their requirements, tie up with proven
sources for such requirements and approach the customer with a strong case
for implementation. In most cases, we were the only choice left.
Chief Executive Officer
August 1987 - Present (36 years 8 months)
Product development, technology support, Technical support, marketing,
Sales,
Chief Executive
August 1987 - Present (36 years 8 months)
Self-employed
CEO
August 1987 - Present (36 years 8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Createch Enterprises
Chief Technology Officer
August 2004 - July 2007 (3 years)
Overseeing responsibilities of business development, technology absorption/
deployment, joint venture development, customer relation management and
new business opportunity identification.
A.P. Electronics Development Corporation Ltd
Senior Technical Officer
August 1984 - July 1987 (3 years)
Accountabilities:
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Developing new products in consumer electronics, non conventional
energy applications, helping the joint ventures in technology up gradation,
improvement in processes, quality control, etc.
Devising strategies to improve the performance of the industries, adapting
new technologies for our environment, project and technical consultancy and
liaison. 
Implementing a design for a low cost B/W TV using unconventional design
approaches to make them suitable for solar power operation, a low cost colour
TV using indigenous components (a feat unthinkable at that point of time in
1986). 
Providing very low cost, indigenous substitutes to expensive imported
components to make them suitable for Indian rural areas. 
Acting as an In-charge of training for the sub-contractors for absorption of the
technology by the assisted units of APEL &amp; making vast contacts in the
electronics industry in particular and government departments and industries in
general.
Bharat Television Ltd
Development Engineer
May 1981 - December 1982 (1 year 8 months)
Developed the state of the art television at that time, that was more reliable
and economical than the then current version
Jai Electronics Pvt. Ltd
Nashik   Production & Quality Control Engineer
August 1980 - April 1981 (9 months)
Scholastics
B.Tech. (Electronics and Communications Engineering) from Sri Venkateswara
University College of Engineering, Tirupati in 1980.
Additional course on Entrepreneurship from The National Institute of Small
Industries Extension and Training, Hyderabad in 1981.
Education
SVU College of Engineering, Tirupati city, India
Bachelors in Engineering and Technoloy, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (1975 - 1980)
Sri Venkatestwara College of Engineering
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
B.Tech, Electronics and Comunications Engg · (1975 - 1980)
 
Page 4 of 4
