 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-t-
wankhede-b257445a (LinkedIn)
www.vertoengg.com (Company)
Top Skills
Electrical Engineering
Transformer
Renewable Energy
Languages
Marathi
English
Hindi
Vijay T. Wankhede
Founder CEO at traafobazaar.com & VERTO Engineering
Corporation
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Visionary and result oriented professional with 20 plus years of
experience in achieving sustained revenue , EBITDA  & Business
Growth objectives in dynamic & changing markets.
In last total 20 years experience, 6 years in Design & Development
or R&D in Transformer & Welding Equipment, 2 years as regional
Manager - West / Export Manager & 6 years as Western Head
as well as Central Marketing Head & now 6 plus years as CEO &
Managing Partner / Designated Partner in Electrical Products like
Distribution & special Transformers, Reactors etc..
Mentoring a team of 25 plus members with a innovation &
entrepreneurship.
In FY14 Rakesh was having turn over of INR 3 Cr, achieved the
sales turn over of more than INR 22 Cr in FY 18
Proven skills in incubating / start up new businesses in competitive
markets.
Experience
traafobazaar LLP
Founder CEO
December 2022 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
https://www.traafobazaar.com/
VERTO Engineering Corporation
Entrepreneur
May 2014 - Present (9 years 11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Transformers, Reactors and HT/LT equipments overhauling, servicing, AMC,
On-site services, spares , on rent. 
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Manufacturering of Air core reactors, chokes, Inductors , special application
Transformers like isolation transformer, ultra isolation transformers, servo
stabilizers, consultancy, design services. Machine breakdown and Loss of
Profit Insurance.
Rakesh Transformer 
CEO & Managing Partner 
May 2014 - September 2020 (6 years 5 months)
Pune Area, India
• I have joined in Rakesh as CEO &Managing Partner in 2014.  The Turn
over of  Rakesh was INR 30 Mn. In the next two years Rakesh has grown to
two folds and we jointly started Rebus Industries LLP and the Turn over has
increased in multifold INR 230 Mn (USD 3.3 Mn) by FY18.
• Set up a Green Field Project “Rebus Industries LLP”
• The ultimate objective is to achieve better Business results in terms of Sales,
Profitability and Growth. 
• Customer satisfaction and repeat orders could be the key for success in the
long run.
• Work towards optimization of resources, standardization, implementation of
operational excellence and best practices.
• Creating Leaders,  Team Development & Team Management
• Major contribution in Purchase, Sales & Marketing & design to keep the
margins intact.
• Worked in Industry Segment in Maharashtra , Goa, MP etc. The type of
Transformers are  Distribution, Power, Furnace, Converter and special
application Transformers oil filled as well as dry type, Compact substation etc.
• Total  17 designs successfully type tested in last two years.
• Business Strategy to increase Sales & Brand building of “Rakesh”, 
• Supplied Transformers in Tanzania, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Abu Dhabi etc.
Raychem RPG (P) Ltd.
Divisional Manager - Central Marketing Head 
August 2008 - April 2014 (5 years 9 months)
PUNE
• Raychem RPG – Transformer divisions started in 2007, strategically orders
started from Industry Segment all over India. The type of Transformer are
Distribution, Power, Furnace, Converter and special application Transformers
oil filled as well as dry type, Compact substation etc.
• Keep the Margins In tact by giving the best & final prices to the sales team.
• Major Contribution in increasing the sales from USD2 Mn to USD 15 Mn 
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
• Marketing & branding of Transformers all over India by taking conferences,
Road Show for various consultants, contractors, Dealers & OEMS
• Have Headed the International Business Division for more than six months. 
• Business development in African continents.
• Participation in ELECRAMA &other such Events in India & Abroad
Universal Power Transformers Private Limited
Branch Manager & Export Manager
August 2006 - August 2008 (2 years 1 month)
Pune Area, India
• Marketing of  various type of industrial electrical products like Distribution,
Power, Furnace, Converter and special application Transformers oil filled as
well as dry type, Medium Voltage Switchgear, Compact substation etc
• Major Contribution in increasing the sales from INR 15 Mn to INR 150 Mn in
less than two years. 
• Heading the region and fully responsible for meeting the Sales, Order
booking& collection targets set by the top management.
• Headed the International Business Division for more than six months , Visited
Qatar (Doha), Bahrain& Oman (Muscat) for the business developments. 
Emco Ltd
Dy Manager Design
April 2004 - July 2006 (2 years 4 months)
JALGAON
To make the Electrical design of all special types of transformer. Attend
the Technical Discussions with the Customer, Sometimes to take Drawing
Approval from customers. Checking of design on RUSSIAN SOFTWARE
“REST” FOR SHORT-CIRCUIT strength of the transformer.
• Checking the Electrical design, solve the problems on the shop floor, and
give the training to engineers as well as workers.
• Checking of the Costing sheet and decide the price.
• Designed oil filled transformer
o up to and including 20MVA voltage class 66KV
o Various types of designs like Converter Duty, Inverter Duty, Submerged Arc /
Arc / Ladle Arc Furnace transformers from the range of 2.5MVA to 12.5MVA
up to &including 33KV voltage Class.  
• Standardization of designs
Ador Welding Ltd.
Assistant Manager Research Development
May 2003 - October 2004 (1 year 6 months)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Pune Area, India
• Research and development for new welding machines. For the same, make
the Prototype, test it, check all parameters, And welding performance, make it
more user Friendly. 
• Developed RED-401 and RED-501 AC Arc welding Machines commercially
successfully.
• Development of MAXIMIG-300 MIG Welding Machine.
• Developed MAXIMIG-251 AUTO CD MIG Welding Machine commercially     
successfully
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LTD.
Engineer Design - Transformers 
February 2000 - April 2003 (3 years 3 months)
Pune Area, India
• Designed oil filled transformer up to and including 10MVA, 33KV class.,
Designed 3.5MVA, 11/0.1-0.1 Kv converter duty transformer
Designed 5MVA 11/3.3KV with off-Ckt. tap links dry type cast resin
transformer.
• Also having exposure of Dry type cast resin transformer (CRT), As the
Kirloskar Power Equipments Ltd. is the leading CRT manufacturer in India. 
• Checking of Mechanical Drawings (G.A. + R&D plate+ Fabrication + Yoke
clamp drg. Etc.). Sometimes made Customer Drawings (G.A. and R&D plate
drg).
Education
College of Engineering Pune
BE, Electrical engineering · (1995 - 1999)
Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow
Management Programme, MDP · (2010 - 2011)
JAI HIND ET'S ZULAL BHILAJIRAO PATIL COLLEGE, DHULE.
HSC, Engineering Science · (1993 - 1995)
J R City High School Dhule
SSC, Science · (1988 - 1993)
Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow
 
Page 4 of 4
