 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vikas-
sharma-98a12a14 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Pharmaceutical Sales
Sales Effectiveness
Pharmaceutical Industry
Vikas Sharma
Founder & CEO at Healthtrek Healthcare LLP | Healthcare,
Physiotherapy, Hydrotherapy, Cryotherapy, Sports & fitness Industry
| Sales & Marketing | P&L
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
25 years of experience in Marketing and Sales in the
Pharmaceutical, healthcare, Sports & fitness  Industry. Currently
serving as CEO & Director Healthtrek Healthcare LLP,  CEO
Proxima life LLP (Mumbai). Distinction of launching & establishing
new business and brands , Holds the distinction of exploring new
markets, managing Marketing and sales operations. Managed
multiple businesses of varied sizes.
Experience
Healthtrek Healthcare LLP
Founder and CEO
October 2016 - Present (7 years 6 months)
Turbhe, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Healthtrek is into Sports, Physiotherapy, Rehabilitation and Hydrotherapy
Products and Services. Healthtrek has some of the unique and exclusive
products for Physiotherapy, Hydrotherapy and Sports community. 
Proxima Life LLP
CEO
December 2016 - Present (7 years 4 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Proxima is into Sports, Rehabilitation,Nutrition and Hydrotherapy. Proxima is
exclusive marketing partner to some of the unique and exclusive products from
USA.
Coolcore
Vice President Sales and Marketing
December 2014 - December 2016 (2 years 1 month)
Mumbai Area, India
Heading sales and marketing. Responsible to drive,strategize and
excute pan India operations and complete P&L. Launched the global
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
brand Drcool and coolcore in India. Brand portfolio is focused for
Othopedics,Physiotherapists,sports and fitness.
Sales and Marketing
General Manager Sales and Marketing
August 2013 - December 2015 (2 years 5 months)
Mumbai
Bharat Serums & Vaccines limited
Deputy General Manager
October 2009 - August 2013 (3 years 11 months)
Mumbai
Launched   two new super specialty Division,responsible for marketing
operations and complete P & L account..  
 Design & implement marketing strategies for establishing  urology division
and other division with critical care therapy and life saving biologicals. 
 Handling business line  focused for UROLOGISTS,CRITICAL
CARE,INTENSIVISTS,NEPHROLOGISTS,ORTHOS,SURGEONS,GASTROENTRO
and GP’S.
Cipla
Manager- Marketing, Cipa Ltd - Mumbai
2007 - October 2009 (2 years)
Managed sales and Marketing operations, establishing customer network for
escalating turnovers & achieving desired goals. 
o Define and implement strategies for market penetration for new brands as
well as increasing the share of the existing brands. 
o Review & interpret the competition & market information to fine tune the
marketing strategies and strengthen the brand image.
o Build and strengthen relationships with key accounts, medical fraternity, and
opinion leaders.
o Close co-ordination with the Field team & H.O.team, ensuring smooth and
profitable operations.
o Design & implement marketing activities for enhancing brand awareness and
visibility resulting in sales.
o  Planning and execution of strategies to achieve given objectives.
o Provide direction, motivation and training to the team for ensuring optimum
performance.
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited
2005 - 2007 (2 years)
 Effectively managed sales & marketing operations..
 Mentored and motivated a team of Marketing Executives,Managers.
Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd
Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited
May 2004 - August 2005 (1 year 4 months)
Merck
Merck Ltd.
February 1998 - April 2004 (6 years 3 months)
Zydus Cadila
zydus cadila
January 1997 - January 1998 (1 year 1 month)
Education
Doctor Harisingh Gour Vishwavidyalaya
MPA  · (1995 - 1997)
Doctor Harisingh Gour Vishwavidyalaya
BSc, life science · (1992 - 1995)
Army school sagar,
Hsc, life science · (1990 - 1992)
Welingkar Institute of Management
PGDM- Marketing Management 
 
Page 3 of 3
