 
 
Contact
vmahajan@brightwaveites.com
www.linkedin.com/in/vivek-
mahajan-vm-881abb42 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Team Management
Management
Business Development
Languages
Hindi
Marathi
German (Limited Working)
Gujarati
English
Vivek Mahajan(VM)
CEO at BRIGHTWAVE ITES
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Experienced Senior Research Analyst with a demonstrated history
of working in the information technology and services industry.
Skilled in Operations Management, Sales, Customer Relationship
Management (CRM), Customer Satisfaction, and Operational
Planning. Strong research professional with a Master of Business
Administration (M.B.A.) focused in Human Resources Management/
Personnel Administration, General from Dr.D.Y.Patil Institute Of
Management and Research. 
Experience
BRIGHTWAVE ITES
CEO
October 2018 - Present (5 years 6 months)
India
Communicating, on behalf of the company, with shareholders, government
entities, and the public
Leading the development of the company’s short- and long-term strategy
Creating and implementing the company or organization’s vision and mission
Evaluating the work of other executive leaders within the company, including
directors, vice presidents, and presidents
Maintaining awareness of the competitive market landscape, expansion
opportunities, industry developments, etc.
Ensuring that the company maintains high social responsibility wherever it
does business
Assessing risks to the company and ensuring they are monitored and
minimized
Setting strategic goals and making sure they are measurable and describable
Inventive SMi
Senior Business Development Executive
June 2017 - October 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Pune Area, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Inventive-SMi focuses on helping B2B Technology Vendors, MSPs (Managed
Service Providers), ISVs (Independent Software Vendors) and companies that
provide SaaS (Software-as-a-Service). We intensely recognize the software
procurement procedure and hence are uniquely positioned to help software
companies triumph in their marketing, sales and lead generation effort. 
►Lead Generation.
►Events
►Discovering Right Party Contacts in target companies
►Appointment Generation with Key Decision Makers.
►Initiate first level dialogue with key decision makers including VP, SVP,
Director and C level executives (e.g. CTO, COO, CEO) in potential
organizations that could use client’s IT/Other services
Salesify, Inc.
Resaeach Analyst
April 2012 - December 2016 (4 years 9 months)
Pune Area, India
Mphasis
Sr.TPO
January 2009 - March 2012 (3 years 3 months)
Education
Dr.D.Y.Patil Institute Of Management and Research
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Human Resources Management/
Personnel Administration, General · (2012 - 2015)
Shri Shivaji Perpartory Miltary School
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.), Accounting and Business/
Management · (2004 - 2006)
 
Page 2 of 2
