 
 
Contact
yasinsayyed78679@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/yasin-sayyed
(LinkedIn)
skillidiots.herokuapp.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Computer-Aided Design (CAD)
SOLIDWORKS
Drone Photography
Certifications
SAEISS DRONE DEVELOPMENT
CHALLENGE
Research Paper Publication 
SAE AeroThon 
Detailed Casting in Creo
Research Paper Presentation 
Honors-Awards
Certificate of Research Presentation
International Rank 4
Certificate of Research Presentation
All India Rank 18
All India Rank 4
Publications
Design and Development of Multi
Purpose Land Rover
Optimization of Multipurpose
Quadcopter using Fused Deposition
Modeling
Design and Optimization of FSAE
Wheel Assembly
Design and Construction of Fastest
Line Following Robot Using QTR- 
8RC Array Sensor
Yasin Sayyed
Founder & CEO at Skyninja Innovations Pvt Ltd ( SIPL ) |
Entrepreneur | Researcher | Unmanned Aerial Vehicles | Robotics |
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
✓ I'm a Student of Engineering and professionally An Entrepreneur 
✓ I'm Alumnus of Government College of Engineering and Research
Avasari Khurd, Pune ( Year 2023) 
✓ I have founded the Tech Company called Skyninja Innovations
Pvt Ltd which aims to work on UAVs and Digital Manufacturing
Technologies 
✓ Working on High End Drone ( Multicopter and Hybrid)
Development for Military, medical and inspection purpose. 
and Ground breaking innovation in Digital Manufacturing
Technologies
✓ Carried out many Research Projects in various domains including
Automotive, UAVs and Robotics 
✓ Skilled in CAD  Domains -  ( Solidworks, CATIA,  Creo, AutoCAD,
Fusion 360 ) ||
CAE Domains -  Ansys Workbench (Basic , advanced and CFD) ||
Rendering techniques.
Plastic Domain(Automotive interior trims) in CATIA 
•  Skilled in Vehicles Dynamic and Chassis Design.
✓ I have self taught knowledge of python programming
( Intermediate level Mechine learning)
• Web Development (html ,CSS and JavaScript) (Bootstrap)
( React.js) and (node.js) 
• Skilled in  c programming 
✓ Unique and productive designation is my main target...I am
always very interested in learning the new technologies with huge
enthusiasm.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
INSTEAD OF FORMAL KNOWLEDGE, CONTINUOUS LEARNING
IS VERY IMPORTANT 
Work super hard in every waking hours
Experience
SkyNinja Innovations Pvt Ltd 
Founder & CEO
September 2023 - Present (7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Vision -
To be the leading provider of high-end UAVs and additive manufacturing
solutions that enable businesses and individuals to achieve their goals and
Contribute to country Growth 
Mission - 
1. To develop and deliver high-end UAVs and additive manufacturing products
that empower people to solve complex problems and create a better future.
2. To be the leading provider of innovative UAV and additive manufacturing
solutions that enable our customers to achieve their goals and make a positive
impact on the world.
3. To use our expertise in UAV and additive manufacturing to help our
customers solve real-world problems and create a more sustainable and
equitable future.
4. To be a trusted partner to our customers, providing them with the solutions
they need to succeed and make a difference in the world.
5. To inspire and empower people to use UAV and additive manufacturing
technology to create a better future for all.
TEAM FALCON
2 years 2 months
Founder
February 2022 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Manchar, Maharashtra, India
Founder and Team Leader
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
February 2022 - September 2023 (1 year 8 months)
✓We are Team Falcon of Government College of Engineering and Research
Avasari Khurd Pune 
✓We design and manufacture the RC Planes and Drones (Manual and
Autonomous) for the various state level and national level events.
✓We are Team of undergraduate students from multidisciplinary engineering
background 
It is intended to solve real life engineering challenges related to aerodynamic
field
✓ As multidisciplinary Team we participates in Mid scale Robotics Events to
test the Automation
Fiverr
Freelance Automotive and  Mechanical Designer
September 2021 - Present (2 years 7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Team Phalanx Racing
Chief Design Engineer
January 2021 - June 2022 (1 year 6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Bachelor's degree, Mechanical Engineering · (2019 - 2023)
Vidyadham junior college of science Shirur,Pune
Higher Secondary School, Science · (2017 - 2019)
Vidyadham Prashala Shirur,Pune
Secondary School Certificate  · (2016 - 2017)
 
Page 3 of 3
