 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/aasingla
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Object Modelling
Agile Methodologies
CRM
Languages
Spanish
Thai
Japanese
Certifications
Algorithms
IBM Blockchain Essentials
Duolingo Spanish Fluency:
Elementary (Estimated)
Aashish Singla
CTO at Indexnine Technologies
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
20+ years of industry experience. Provided leadership, technical
management and vision to teams working on enterprise level
products; recruited, mentored and established offshore teams. 
A passionate technical architect with a reasonable flair for UX, I
enjoy building products and enabling people around me to do more.
At Indexnine, I am happy co-creating a dynamic and happy technical
workspace with my colleagues who are inspired by the challenges
that our clients bring to us and who love to build the products
grounds up with a scalable design built in the core of the product
design. Helped many startup ideas to take shape and taste revenue
within their first year. I love to engineer solutions that sustain the test
of time, scale and change in requirements.
Experience
Indexnine Technologies
5 years 8 months
Chief Technology Officer
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Sr. Director of Engineering
August 2018 - June 2023 (4 years 11 months)
Pune Area, India
Leading the engineering efforts at Indexnine, helping deliver products while
nurturing an ecosystem that thrives on passion around technology and building
simple but efficient solutions to complex engineering problems. We enjoy
building modern state of the art architectures leveraging latest and greatest
technology stacks that exist today. Deeply involved in learning, co-creating and
enabling !!!
Globant in India
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Director, Product Development
November 2013 - July 2018 (4 years 9 months)
Pune Area, India
Clarice (now Globant) provides integrated User experience Design and
Product development capabilities to customers worldwide. Delivered lean UX
for multiple products using cutting edge technologies - J2EE, Spring boot,
Angular JS, Yeoman/Bower/Grunt, Rhino, PhantomJs, Highstocks/D3 Gemfire,
AMQP, Open Stack APIs for Software defined Data Center.  
Managing a high caliber technical team, being a technical guide when
required; raising the
bar and stretching limits of technology. Own and drive complex technical
projects from the planning stage through execution.
Amdocs, Pune
Development Manager
June 2007 - December 2009 (2 years 7 months)
Responsible for IMIS (Internal Management Information Systems) India
operations for Amdocs in terms of managing local customers, Business
functions, Development and Test groups. The group consists of professional
teams in diverse domains such as CRM, BI, .NET, Knowledge Management,
Oracle Apps etc. Managed 65+ member team with 7 first line managers.
Self-Employed
Consultant
December 2006 - June 2007 (7 months)
Worked independently as a Data Warehouse consultant for a US based
organization
Quark Media House
Software Development Manager
November 2001 - September 2006 (4 years 11 months)
Part of a geo dispersed concerted development effort of an awesome eCRM
product which was released and deployed at 4 customer locations across
USA. The product development spanned over multiple releases in a period
of 4+ years and I was involved in multiple modules of this product in varying
capacities and roles ranging from software designer to technical lead to
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
development manager and finally to professional services role wherein I led
the deployment of the product at multiple customer sites.
Solutions Inc.
Team Lead
June 2000 - October 2001 (1 year 5 months)
Worked in Java/J2EE ecosystem, implemented projects with ATG Dynamo
Ericsson HP India Pvt. Ltd.
Senior Systems Engineer
November 1999 - June 2000 (8 months)
Worked on Billing Mediation Platform of EHPT and implemented systems for
various clients
Hughes Software Systems
Senior Software Engineer
June 1998 - October 1999 (1 year 5 months)
Part of the team that was involved in developing a solution around satellite
networking and mobile telephony. Worked as a system integrator, established
the labs with BSC/BTS and worked on phsical layer, Radio Layer, established
first BCCH channels in the labs and led E2E testing, Release Testing and
conducted ICONET UAT tests.
Infosys Technologies
Software Engineer
June 1997 - June 1998 (1 year 1 month)
Part of team on Basic Telephony for Nortel Networks
Wipro Infotech
Customer Support Engineer
May 1996 - May 1997 (1 year 1 month)
Education
Punjab Engineering College
B.E., Electronics and Telecommunications · (1992 - 1996)
 
Page 3 of 3
