 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/akilessh-
kummar-315960b4 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Digital Strategy
Microsoft Power BI
Team Leadership
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Professional Working)
Certifications
ITIL® version 3 Foundation
Lead Auditor ISMS 27001:2005
C|EH Ver.7
Implementing Microsoft Azure
Infrastructure Solutions
Akilessh Kummar
CTO at GiantCell Technologies Private Limited
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Summary
• Over 19 years of experience in Technology and business visionary
with executive and hands-on experience in establishing and
automating multi-billion-dollar enterprises.
• Have successfully managed budgets in excess of US $ 10 million
and over 4500 employees across the globe.
• Experience in diverse industries spanning Manufacturing, Steel,
Trading, Clinical Research, Healthcare, ITeS/BPO, Automation and
Risk/Insurance Consulting and have gained exposure to IT practices
both at National and Global levels.
• Effectively communicated with the Board of Directors and top
management for evolving strategic vision, driving change and
enabling IT to become a business enabler.
• Significant experience in the driving alignment of IT with business,
defining IT strategy and roadmap, creating IT departments
from scratch, optimising IT, driving compliance in IT, budgeting,
technology evaluation & evangelisation and execution of multi-million
dollar, multi-location projects.
• Expertise in planning & building IT departments for supporting
enterprises involving the selection of appropriate technologies,
products, negotiating with vendors, finalising Service Level
Agreements, outsourcing tasks and directing the timely completion of
projects.
• Effective leader with exceptional skills in building teams and
mentoring & developing individuals towards building productive
and exceptional teams and as well as in forming cohesive team
environments.
SPECIALITIES:
• Global IT Delivery • DevOps Automation
• SDLC - Agile and Waterfall 
• DevOps Tools - Jenkins, Maven, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes,
Terraform
• Cloud Platform - MS. Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google
Cloud Platform (GCP).
 
Page 1 of 8
 
 
• Bug Tracking Tools - Jira, Bugzilla, FreshService.
• Source Control Management Tools - Bitbucket, GitHub, Gitlab,
GitBash.
• SDLC - Agile, Waterfall.
• Project Management
• Strategic Planning • Building teams
• IT Infrastructure
• Solution Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
• Information Security • Architecture & Design
• Resources management • Application development
• Data Center Management and Analysis
• Strategic Analysis • Internal Consulting
• E - commerce
Experience
GiantCell Technologies Private Limited
Chief Technology Officer
September 2020 - Present (3 years 7 months)
Delhi, India
1. People management: Hiring, planning, and mentoring.
2. Product delivery, Project Management, and Solution designing and
Architecture.
3. IT Service delivery, Project Management and Solution designing and
Architecture
4. Plan and execution of DevOps practices for CI/CD life cycle.
5. Working closely with the Product development team (React JS, iOS &
Android, Flutter, Java and PHP).
6. Working closely with IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution Architect, and
Cloud team (AWS and Google Cloud).
7. Working closely with the development team of iOS, Android and web
developers to deliver clean code.
8. Working closely with the marketing and analytics team to increase
conversion.
9. Responsible for Engineering cost management – Annual budgeting,
resource planning, and costing.
10. Collaborating with 3rd party vendors & managing partner relationships.
11. Outsourcing work to 3rd party companies to collaborate and guide them on
architecture and timelines. Also included cost negotiation and optimization.
 
Page 2 of 8
 
 
12. Responsible for aligning technology to support business initiatives and
goals.
CBH Consulting 
Co-Founder & CTO
June 2018 - August 2020 (2 years 3 months)
Greater Delhi Area
1. IT Service delivery, Project Management and Solution designing and
Architecture.
2. Working closely with IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution Architect and
Cloud team (AWS/ Azure and Google Cloud).
3. Working closely with marketing and analytics team to increase conversion.
4. Responsible for Engineering cost management – MIS, Annual budgeting,
resource planning and costing.
5. Collaborating with 3rd party vendors & managing partner relationships.
6. Manage the coordination with the IT training team and Trainers to deliver
training to the clients.
Xkart Ventures Pvt Ltd
Co-Founder & CTO
June 2017 - August 2020 (3 years 3 months)
Delhi, India
1. Working closely with the Product development team (React JS, iOS &
Android, Flutter, Java and PHP).
2. Working closely with IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution Architect, and
Cloud team (AWS and Google Cloud).
3. Working closely with the development team of iOS, Android and web
developers to deliver clean code.
4. Working closely with the marketing and analytics team to increase
conversion.
5. Responsible for Engineering cost management – Annual budgeting,
resource planning, and costing.
6. Collaborating with 3rd party vendors & and managing partner relationships.
7. Outsourcing work to 3rd party companies to collaborate and guide them on
architecture and timelines. Also included cost negotiation and optimization.
8. Responsible for aligning technology to support business initiatives and
goals.
SAPster IT Consulting
Co-Founder & CTO
December 2016 - August 2020 (3 years 9 months)
 
Page 3 of 8
 
 
Delhi, India
1. IT Service delivery, Project Management and Solution designing and
Architecture.
2. Working closely with IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution Architect and
Cloud team (AWS/ Azure and Google Cloud).
3. Working closely with marketing and analytics team to increase conversion.
4. Responsible for Engineering cost management – MIS, Annual budgeting,
resource planning and costing.
5. Collaborating with 3rd party vendors & managing partner relationships.
6. Outsourcing work to Indian and international companies. Collaborating and
guiding them on architecture and timelines. Also included cost negotiation and
optimization.
7. Responsible for aligning technology to support business initiatives and
goals.
SirionLabs
Engineering Manager
November 2016 - December 2016 (2 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
1. IT Service delivery, Project Management and Solution designing and
Architecture.
2. Working closely with development, IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution
Architect and Cloud team.
3. Heading Cloud Team (AWS), Automation Team, Data centre Team and
Database Team.
4. Ensure 100% uptime for all Servers (Sand Box, Production).
Xkart Ventures Pvt Ltd
Head of Information Technology
April 2016 - October 2016 (7 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
1. Working closely with IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution Architect and
Cloud team for various clients.
2. IT Project Management and Solution designing and Architecture for Clients.
3. Working closely with IT Implementation, Deployment, Solution Architect and
Cloud team to ensure successful project delivery.
4. Datacentres migrations and upgradations as per the client’s requirements. 
Sovereign Health Group Addiction, Dual Diagnosis & Mental Health
Head IT Operations
 
Page 4 of 8
 
 
July 2015 - March 2016 (9 months)
Gurgaon, India
1. Involved in purchasing, Contracts and Negotiations, vendor management &
procurement.
2. Coordinate with our USA offices for various discussion and technical
support.
3. Handled IT Helpdesk on Remedy / Clarify / Track-IT and Support Incident /
Problem Configuration and Release management.
4. Managing Data centres and NOC Operations in terms of Administration of
servers (Server health audit, data backup, data security, server performance
management, server virus prevention & patch management) and Network
equipment for high availability & uptimes. 
5. Ensure to review the configuration of MRTG to monitor the performance of
WAN links, Network, Directory Services and Servers/ Desktops Security.
6. Lead IT Solution / Design and provide transition support. Also, provide IT
costing for Transitions both from Infrastructure and Software perspectives
7. Enforced ITIL processes to IT Service Desk: Service Strategy, Service
Design, Service Transition, Service Operation, Continual Service
Improvement, Incident, Problem, release and change management, capacity &
configuration Management.
8. Ensure to maintain and adhere to all IT Security Policies from Compliance
perspective.
9. Ensures compliance with all software licensing agreements. Manages and
safeguards software media, versions and associated licenses.
Somani Group
Head - IT & Systems 
April 2013 - June 2015 (2 years 3 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
1. Implemented SAP ERP application with Sales Module, Planning Module,
Manufacturing Module, Inventory Module, Maintenance Module, Project
Management, Purchase Module, Excise Module, Human Resource Module
and Finance Management.
2. Involved in purchasing, Contracts and Negotiations, vendor management &
procurement.
3. Coordinate with our European partner companies for various discussion and
technical support.
4. Handled IT Helpdesk on Remedy / Clarify / Track-IT and Support Incident /
Problem Configuration and Release management.
 
Page 5 of 8
 
 
5. Managing Data centres and NOC Operations in terms of Administration of
servers (Server health audit, data backup, data security, server performance
management, server virus prevention & patch management) and Network
equipment for high availability & uptimes. 
6. Ensure to review the configuration of MRTG, WANSPY, MOM and BigFix
to monitor the performance of WAN links, Network, Directory Services and
Servers/ Desktops Security.
7. Lead IT Solution / Design and provide transition support. Also, provide IT
costing for Transitions both from Infrastructure and Software perspectives
8. Enforced ITIL processes to IT Service Desk: Service Strategy, Service
Design, Service Transition, Service Operation, Continual Service
Improvement, Incident, Problem, release and change management, capacity &
configuration Management.
9. Implemented ISMS - 27001, QMS - 9001 and provide Support to Audits as
an IT Security Leader for Clients and Internal Audits. Ensure to maintain and
adhere to all IT Security Policies from Compliance perspective.
10. Ensures compliance with all software licensing agreements. Manages and
safeguards software media, versions and associated licenses.
Apothecaries Clinical Research
IT Operations Manager (IT Head)
September 2008 - March 2013 (4 years 7 months)
1. Managing Recruitment of Technical staff and Responsible to mentor the
teams.
2. Implemented SAP ERP application with Planning Module, Project
Management, Inventory Module, Maintenance Module, Purchase Module,
Excise Module, Human Resource Module and Finance Management.
3. Involved in purchasing, Contracts and Negotiations, vendor management &
procurement.
4. Handled IT Helpdesk on Remedy / Clarify / Track-IT and Support Incident /
Problem Configuration and Release management.
5. Managing Data centre and NOC Operations in terms of Administration of
servers (Server health audit, data backup, data security, server performance
management, server virus prevention & patch management) and Network
equipment for high availability & uptimes. 
6. Ensure to review the configuration of MRTG, WANSPY, MOM and BigFix
to monitor the performance of WAN links, Network, Directory Services and
Servers/ Desktops Security.
7. Lead IT Solution / Design and provide transition support. Also, provide IT
costing for Transitions both from Infrastructure and Software perspectives
 
Page 6 of 8
 
 
8. Enforced ITIL processes to IT Service Desk: Service Strategy, Service
Design, Service Transition, Service Operation, Continual Service
Improvement, Incident, Problem, release and change management, capacity &
configuration Management.
9. Implemented ISMS - 27001, QMS - 9001 and EMS – 14001 and provide
Support to Audits as an IT Security Leader for Clients and Internal Audits.
Ensure to maintain and adhere to all IT Security Policies from Compliance
perspective.
10. Ensures compliance with all software licensing agreements. Manages and
safeguards software media, versions and associated licenses.
Archiman Technology
Assistant Manager - Service Delivery
June 2004 - August 2008 (4 years 3 months)
1. Handled clients IT technology operations for Archiman Technology, IT
Transition Management in cost-effective manner, IT infrastructure technical
bids, technical & business proposals, Technology architecture, planning for
technology IT roadmap and IT Service Delivery , IT infrastructure projects for
various national clients, Remote Infrastructure Management, IT Infrastructure
Deployment & Management. 
2. Steering initiatives towards Technical implementation of various
Technologies for in-house Projects, Project Coordination, and Team
Management.
3. Managed Recruitment of Technical staff and Responsible to mentor the
teams.
4. Attending CAB (Change address board) meetings & approving changes
related to IT.
5. Develop strategic plans and identify key success factors; set priorities and
allocate resources to achieve unit, division and corporate goals
6. Manage overall IT budget for projects. Involved in purchasing, Contracts
and Negotiations, vendor management & procurement.
Education
SunRise University Alwar
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Cyber/Computer Forensics and
Counterterrorism · (January 2020 - December 2023)
Bundelkhand University
 
Page 7 of 8
 
 
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Information
Technology · (2008 - 2010)
Bundelkhand University
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Computer Science · (2000 - 2004)
 
Page 8 of 8
