 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amitchavan90
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Technology Product Development
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Amit Chavan
Co-founder CTO @ Vibtree | AI, SaaS, Product Development
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
As the CTO and Co-founder of Vibtree, I lead the development of
an AI-powered omnichannel inbox for sales teams that enables
them to communicate with their prospects and customers across
multiple platforms, such as WhatsApp, Messenger, SMS, and email.
Vibtree is a B2B SaaS solution that leverages natural language
processing and machine learning to automate and personalize
sales conversations, increase conversions, and improve customer
satisfaction.
I have over seven years of experience in designing and developing
conversational commerce solutions for various domains, such as
hyperlocal, D2C brands, and restaurants. I co-founded EffCode
Technologies, a company that provides conversational automation
solutions for consumer's favorite platforms, such as WhatsApp,
Messenger, and Instagram. I also co-founded Wareport, a startup
that offered a conversational inventory management system for small
and medium businesses. 
I hold a Master of Computer Applications degree in Computer
Science from MIT School of Management, where I acquired strong
technical skills and knowledge in software engineering, AI, and web
development. I am also a graduate of the Founder Institute, a global
accelerator program that trains aspiring entrepreneurs in launching
and scaling their ventures. 
I am passionate about creating innovative and impactful products
that solve real-world problems and disrupt the status quo. I enjoy
collaborating with non-tech founders and helping them integrate
technology into their products seamlessly. I am also a startup
enthusiast and a Slack Chapter Leader, where I connect and
network with mentors and talented individuals who share my vision
and goals. I am always open to new opportunities and challenges
that can help me grow and learn.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Experience
Vibtree
Chief Technology Officer, Co-founder
September 2023 - Present (7 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
AI powered Omnichannel Inbox for Sales Teams.
EffCode Technologies
Co-Founder, Technology
June 2016 - August 2023 (7 years 3 months)
Pune Area, India
Designing & developing Conversational Commerce solution for consumer's
favourite platforms.
Wareport
Co-Founder
July 2019 - January 2021 (1 year 7 months)
Pune Area, India
MumSmile Healthcare Solutions Pvt Ltd
Tech Consultant
October 2018 - June 2020 (1 year 9 months)
Pune Area, India
Sporcial
Technical Lead
July 2017 - January 2020 (2 years 7 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Truso
Tech Lead
June 2018 - July 2019 (1 year 2 months)
Pune Area, India
Drive the tech experience of the Product.
Creocis Technologies
Head Of Software Development
September 2015 - May 2017 (1 year 9 months)
Pune
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Software Development with REST Architecture, MVC Architecture; Android
App  Development, Web Application Development, Progressive Web App, etc.
Siemens Technology India
Project Intern
March 2015 - August 2015 (6 months)
Pune Area, India
Worked as Project Intern for Mobility Project having good start for Python-
Django.
Education
MIT School of Management
Master of Computer Applications - MCA, Computer Science · (2012 - 2015)
Dr. D.B. Dadawala Junior College (RCM)
HSC, Business/Commerce, General · (2005 - 2007)
Dr. V.D. Patil High School
SSC  · (2002 - 2005)
Founder Institute
Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies · (2020 - 2020)
 
Page 3 of 3
