 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vermaamitit
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Multithreading
Core Java
Design Patterns
Certifications
Presenting to Senior Executives
Learning React.js
Azure Machine Learning
Development: 2 Learning ML Studio
Building Accountability into Your
Culture
Introduction to NFTs: Non-fungible
Tokens
Amit Verma
CTO at HT Digital | Ex- Microsoft
Delhi, India
Summary
I am the Chief Technology Officer of HT Digital and have over 16
years of experience in engineering leadership, stream processing,
databases, and agile methodologies. I am passionate about building
scalable, reliable, and user-friendly technology solutions that
enhance the digital experience and create value for customers and
stakeholders.
Before joining HT Digital in 2022, I was an Engineering Leader at
Microsoft, where I led the Search Discovery and Playlist crews for
Microsoft Stream, a cloud-based video service that integrates with
Office 365. I was responsible for making videos searchable and
discoverable across the suite and enabling users to organize videos
and audios efficiently using playlists. 
I also worked as the General Manager of Engineering at Paytm,
where I built and managed the next-generation payment gateway
that processed millions of transactions a day, improved the payment
success rate, increased the system availability, and scaled the
payment gateway 8x to handle increased traffic. I have multiple
certifications in Java, interviewing techniques, and performance-
based hiring, and I enjoy mentoring and coaching other engineers
and aspiring leaders.
Experience
HT Digital Streams
Chief Technology Officer
August 2022 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Delhi, India
Microsoft
Engineering Leader at Microsoft
December 2020 - August 2022 (1 year 9 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Led Stream's Search & Discovery and Playlist crews that make Videos
searchable and discoverable across Office 365 and enables customers to
seamlessly organize videos/audios in an efficient way using Playlists.
Paytm
General Manager Engineering
September 2016 - December 2020 (4 years 4 months)
Noida Area, India
Worked as General Manager Engineering at Paytm and took care of the next
generation payment gateway.
• Handled team of 150+ backend and frontend engineers to build next
generation payment gateway that processes millions of transactions a day
• Improved payment success rate by doing continuous analysis on user
behaviour, banks success rate, and improving card routing logic.
• Increased system availability by improving monitoring and alerting in the
system, scaling systems, and automating failover of all components.
• Scaled Payment Gateway 8x to handle increased traffic
ION Trading
Lead Software Engineer
January 2011 - August 2016 (5 years 8 months)
Noida Area, India
*  Led re-architecture of Pricing engine  to enable more flexible and dynamic
rules
• Speed up the pricing calculation of bonds creating a multithreaded graph
calculation layer.
• Designed the in house ORM framework
• Involved in increasing the performance of the application by using profiling
tools.
AGNITY,Inc
Member Technical Staff
April 2010 - January 2011 (10 months)
Worked on Sip Server and was involved in designing and server side
implementation of a product for Healthcare vertical.
Technologies Using:Core Java,Spring,Hibernate,Servlets and GWT
Protocols Used:SIP,SMTP
Dell Perot Systems
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Software Engineer
October 2007 - January 2010 (2 years 4 months)
Worked as Java/J2ee developer for Finance and Aeronautical vertical.
Technologies Used:Core Java,Spring,Hibernate,EJB,Struts,JSP
Education
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
B.Tech, IT · (2003 - 2007)
 
Page 3 of 3
