 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ankita-
kangankar-253721172 (LinkedIn)
Ankita Kangankar
Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Engineering.
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I am the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Mélange Cad Solutions
Pvt. Ltd., a company that provides engineering services to various
sectors, such as design engineering, product and plant analysis,
process optimization, project management, plant layouts, heavy
engineering, SPM designs, and automotive. I have been leading the
technical aspects of the company's strategy, ensuring alignment with
its business goals and competitive advantage, for over five years.
My core competencies include discovering and applying new
technologies, supervising system infrastructure, building quality
assurance and data protection processes, monitoring KPIs and IT
budgets, and communicating technology strategy to partners and
investors. I have a strong background in electrical, electronics, and
communications engineering, and a master's degree in international
business from Hult International Business School. I am passionate
about creating innovative solutions that enhance the efficiency and
profitability of our clients and our company. My mission is to leverage
my expertise and leadership skills to drive the growth and success of
Mélange Cad Solutions and its stakeholders.
Experience
Mélange Cad Solutions Pvt. Ltd. ®
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
February 2018 - Present (6 years 2 months)
France
- Develop technical aspects of the company’s strategy to ensure alignment
with its business goals
- Discover and implement new technologies that yield competitive advantage
- Help departments use technology profitably
- Supervise system infrastructure to ensure functionality and efficiency
- Build quality assurance and data protection processes
- Monitor KPIs and IT budgets to assess technological performance
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
- Use stakeholders’ feedback to inform necessary improvements and
adjustments to technology
- Communicate technology strategy to partners and investors
Grasp Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Executive Vice President
May 2013 - February 2018 (4 years 10 months)
Germany
Pentel de Paris GmbH
Associate Vice President
February 2010 - June 2013 (3 years 5 months)
Paris, Île-de-France, France
- Coordinating with other departments to ensure that all operations are running
smoothly
- Reviewing applications and weighing candidates against hiring criteria to
determine who should be hired
- Monitoring staff performance to ensure that employees are meeting company
standards for excellence in their work
- Reviewing financial reports and budgets to monitor spending patterns and
identify areas of improvement
- Developing strategies for recruiting new members to the organization or
increasing member loyalty
- Coordinating with other departments to create a strategic plan for the
organization’s future growth
Education
Hult International Business School
 · (2007 - 2010)
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Electrical, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2003 - 2007)
 
Page 2 of 2
