 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/annamarie-
burke (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Negotiation
Technical Leadership
Strategic Thinking
Languages
English
Spanish
Certifications
Project Management Professional
(PMP)
Patents
Wireless Battery Charging System
Having Adaptive Parameter Sensing
Annamarie Burke
Chief Technology Officer
Miami-Fort Lauderdale Area
Summary
WHO I AM:
►A high-performing technology executive with a distinguished history
of building transformative global development organizations
MY COMPETENCIES INCLUDE:
►Hardware & Software Engineering • Global Team Management
• Program Management • Research & Development • Business
Transformation • Resource Planning • Process Innovation • Strategy
• Executive Leadership • Project Management • Agile • Scrum •
Budgeting • Vendor Management • Compliance • Certification • Risk
Management • Leadership Development • Talent Management •
Spanish Fluency and more...
I welcome your contact via LinkedIn.
Experience
SCRAM Systems
Chief Technology Officer
July 2023 - Present (9 months)
Chief
Member
March 2022 - Present (2 years 1 month)
Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States
U.S. Bank
Senior Vice President of Software Engineering
December 2021 - July 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Zebra Technologies
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Director – Engineering • Global Advanced Technology Development
Leadership
2014 - December 2021 (7 years)
Miramar, Florida, United States
Lead the full software lifecycle of major advanced technology development
programs, applying an Agile framework as the head of a DevSecOps
organization located in the US, India, and Canada architecting and delivering
software tools, automation programs, builds, and releases for the EMC
mobile product portfolio comprising 75% of corporate revenues. As such, I
was responsible for strategic and human capital planning, P&L, and capital
investments as the business resource manager for global EMC Engineering
organization with 940 employees. Key achievements:
►Leading the successful deployment of an Agile culture and CICD best
practices.
►Defining an operational framework supporting the needs of a rapidly growing
organization achieving sustained year-over-year revenue growth.
►Deploying automation systems that boosted software build output 10X while
reducing build time by 50%.
►Directing the full scope of planning and execution of a release management
orchestration tool for an anticipated 2020 release.
►Building a high performing organization with a deep bench of leadership
talent.
Motorola Solutions
Senior Engineering Manager – Platform Hardware
2011 - 2014 (3 years)
Plantation, Florida, United States
In 2011, I was appointed by senior leadership to serve as the executive
champion heading the creation of a new engineering organization to architect
and develop scalable hardware platforms for use across multiple business
units from the entry tier products in our commercial lines to our trunked
products used in mission critical sectors.  I built and led this global engineering
organization with team members in the US, Denmark, Israel, China, Russia,
and Malaysia designing suites of “plug and play” hardware components
including custom integrated circuits, chipsets, digital, audio, RF, Wi-Fi,
touchscreens, and Bluetooth modules.   
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Key achievements:
►Aligned MSI's global teams around a unified engineering roadmap. I
developed the charter and led  global demonstrations securing the buy-in
and participation of groups around the world toward the mission of a scalable
architecture using common platforms.
►Delivered MSI’s first solution running Android with LTE sub-circuitry. We
rapidly delivered the proof-of-concept in partnership with more than 20
vendors, creating potential new revenue-positive applications for lower-tier
markets.
►Generated more than $2.5M in cumulative development cost savings by
producing compatibility in component architectures shortening development
cycles, extending the ROI on the R&D investment, and elevating product
quality.
►Extended the planned platforms' longevity via collaboration with our global
suppliers, influencing enhancements and modifications to the quality,
technology, and architecture roadmaps.
►Nominated and appointed to the Next Generation Leader program which was
used to recognize and grow the top 1% of managers at Motorola
Motorola
19 years
Technical Engineering Management Leader and Principal Program
Manager 
2005 - 2010 (5 years)
Plantation, Florida, United States
My technical and engineering management responsibilities were enhanced to
include full program management and budget responsibilities.
As the Strategic Program Manager, I drove the design of the long-term
corporate roadmap via leadership in the optimization of return on investment
for strategic development initiatives for the $1B land mobile radio business
unit. Key achievements:
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
►Conceptualizing and managing Lean Six Sigma-oriented programs, leading
program teams delivering value via analysis and cross-functional execution.
►Rescuing the at-risk programs.  My team and I accelerated the delivery cycle
by 25% via process redesign and the introduction of operational discipline.
►Strengthening the program planning cycle, achieving a 35% reduction in
product change requests. This sharpened the focus on resource utilization,
product roadmaps, and the core skills sets for the Development organization.
Electrical Engineer - Engineering Manager
1991 - 2005 (14 years)
After joining Motorola as an Electrical Engineer, I was rapidly promoted
through several roles to become an Engineering Section Manager responsible
for leading teams in the development of full radio solutions for the public safety
market. These R&D organizations included Digital, Audio, RF and SW teams
across the globe designing and certifying custom hardware and software.   In
addition to new product development, I concurrently ran the maintenance of
line organization for a segment of the portfolio.  
Education
Georgia Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Science - BS, Electrical Engineering
National Technological University
Master of Science, Electrical Engineering – Communication ICs and DSP
 
Page 4 of 4
