 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/arthur-
taulbee-ph-d-83159353 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business Intelligence
Cloud Computing
Cyber Defense
Languages
Arabic (Professional Working)
Spanish (Professional Working)
Japanese (Elementary)
German (Professional Working)
Russian (Full Professional)
Certifications
CISSP ( Certified Information
System Security Professional ) ISC2
Baltimore Chapter
Microsoft 
AWS Certified Solutions Architect -
Professional
Honors-Awards
Recipiant of Albert Einstein World of
Science Award
Publications
Subatomic Reintegration and
Warped Space-time Differentials
Patents
Nano-Tech-Titanium-Diamond ~
TiO2TeP~6C-Na~NO~SiO2~
Nucleosynthesis Magnitites
Pycnonuclear Reactions within
Electrochemical, Radioactive and
Electromagnetic Medias
Arthur Taulbee, Ph.D.
CEO - Chief Science Officer
United States
Summary
Dr. Taulbee has designed many of the most intricate systems to
date for space exploration and commercial sectors. He currently
addresses the Space Launching System Data for NASA/SpaceX.
Dr. Taulbee concurrently focuses on U.S. Space Force efforts and
his advanced space program leadership drives solving problematic
complicated Space Maneuvers. 
He has also excelled at the corporate leadership hierarchy and
has successfully implemented most technologies while focusing
on forward-thinking in the realms of Aerospace and Space Force
tactics. In the Chief levels of major corporations, he has chaired
advanced technology efforts to bridge and enhance the dynamic
shifts in technology, corporate streamlining, and understanding the
world market intimately. He is a well-known speaker at conferences
and associations such as Forbes, AMA, Technology, World Science
Conferences, MIT and Harvard seminars, and U.S. Government &
Military Services engagements.
His focus on predictive algorithms within NANO Technology has led
to surprisingly positive results in medicine, space propulsion, and
subatomic DNA regeneration. His research in nanotechnology with
computational applications, one of his biggest accomplishments was
the study of plasmon dissipation across graphene. Graphene is an
allotrope of carbon in the form of a single layer of atoms in a two-
dimensional hexagonal lattice in which one atom forms each vertex.
He added the utilization of atomic thin layers of Graphene for the Nth
sum of sensor arrays for 360-degree computations and visualizations
in aircraft and spacecraft. His ongoing research in Cold Fusion has
ground-breaking results and new approaches to deep space travel.
An area the U.S. Space Force is directing him to penetrate as the
heart of his focal point.
Experience
 
Page 1 of 8
 
 
Bradsworth Digital Solutions, Inc
Chief Executive Officer - Chief Science Officer
March 2016 - Present (8 years 1 month)
Global
• A strong former Military Officer with driving successes for advanced
technologies for Federal and Commercial business services firms with superb
management and responsibilities including managing end-to-end client
relationships with a focus on “Executive” level relationships
• Deep understanding of the Global Professional and IT Services market with
the expertise to establish a turnaround plan and long-term growth strategy in
the SAP, Oracle, Cloud, Digital market
• Innovative change leader skilled at simultaneously addressing “C” level
challenges and delivering profitable growth while focusing on operational
efficiencies and excellence
• An international leader and accomplished decision-maker with the right blend
of technical, operations, business, and boardroom level experience to lead
organizations to succeed and transition to the next level
• Experienced in driving acquisitions and mergers in leading high technology
firms and divestitures associated with mergers and acquisitions and business
refocus
• Expert in identifying and assessing client needs. Delivers compelling value
propositions and tangible deliveries in technology and business solutions to
create a competitive advantage with quantifiable benefits
• International transformational leader proficient in selecting and entering new
market segments by analyzing market potential, developing key relationships,
and successfully securing new marquee customers
• Responsible for planning, implementing, and communicating the go-forward
strategy including technology vision, and annual key initiatives with achieved
results
• An intelligent leader who develops robust business relationships with
customers’ and partners’ “C” level executives
• Successfully led strategic pursuit teams for multibillion-dollar global
organizations
• Still keeps ahead of Research & Development for NASA, SpaceX, and
Lockheed Martin in the Aerospace industry
NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA - SpaceX CTO & Quantum Astrophysics R&D Scientist
(Bradsworth Digital Solutions)
January 2018 - Present (6 years 3 months)
Global
 
Page 2 of 8
 
 
Dr. Taulbee utilizes the full spectrum of technologies, Data Science,
Advanced Algorithm Sciences, and Data Management to solve very complex
mathematical problems (note recommendations). Now under construction by
Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company and NASA at its famed Skunk Works
plant in Palmdale, Calif., the X-59 QueSST is designed so that when flying
supersonic, people on the ground will hear nothing more than a sonic thump –
if anything at all.
His main contribution is long-term Program Management for 7 plus years with
the Lockheed Martin F35II Lightning Stealth fighter program and now uses his
principles with Quantum Astrophysics in an impossible advanced mathematics
shift. His expertise includes leading teams in the utilization of AI, Machine
Learning workbench, normalization of data across different data lakes, and
structuring data for use in BI and Analytics. Recently focusing on the X59 IoT
security and interlinking predictive algorithms to bring together solutions for
critical business troubled subtractors. 
In Aerospace and Astrophysics, he has excelled in looking beyond current
capabilities. He has several patents in heat deterring polymers, space vehicle
interstellar designs, hyper-navigation systems, and leading-edge Cold Fusion
and Electromagnetically Driven Fusion Propulsion.
GE Aviation
Board of Directors Advisory
March 2010 - Present (14 years 1 month)
Global
DXC Technology
Partner - (Previously CSC) IoT Driven Industry 4.0, Data Science -
ML*AI*Cloud, Corp Leadership
April 2017 - February 2018 (11 months)
Global
HPE (formally merged DXC/CSC) is the world’s leading independent, end-
to-end IT services company helping clients harness the power of innovation
to thrive on change. Created by the merger of CSC and HPE, the Enterprise
Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise is a $25 billion company with
a 60-year legacy of delivering results for thousands of clients in more than 70
countries. Our technology independence, global talent, and extensive partner
network combine to deliver powerful next-generation IT services and solutions.
 
Page 3 of 8
 
 
CSC
Partner - Data Scientist, SAP S/4HANA SME, Oracle/Hyperion* AI * ML
* Cloud  * IoT 
September 2013 - April 2017 (3 years 8 months)
USA
After over 25 years of strong management and directing people through
wavering technologies, infrastructures, architectures, and sales teams with
Federal and Commercial Fortune 100 clients he has led Data Science,
Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and integrating Hadoop landscapes.
He is experienced in SAP and Oracle programs (hands-on) including
associated cloud Architectures. In conjunction with the previous designed
Cyber Security, Analytics and more. As a Data Scientist, he has written
complex algorithms/Python/R for SAP, and Oracle (HCM, Exalytics, Finance)
PALs (Predictive Analytics Libraries), he is now driving forward as a Data
Scientist with heavy AI, Machine Learning, and a strong CTO capability as
well. Also, led advanced Blockchain & Cryptocurrency/Bitcoin applications
He is a key Digital Data intellectual leader. He is pushing the realms of data
center replacements using AWS, Azure, EMC - Virtustream, HPE, IBM,
architectures. As a practicing leader and responsible for leading Cloud
assessments, scoping, migration, and architectures of Enterprise, Hybrid and
Private Cloud landscapes for premier clients on CSC Cloud offerings, as well
as that of our Partners' capabilities with Cloud footprints he is a winner.
Responsible for complex End-to-End solutions scoping in development and
delivery to the largest Cloud customers, plus:
• He led multiple SAP efforts to ensure the successful impact on the Global
SAP/Oracle CSC  industry.
* Completed planning and development of complex Insurance Predictive
analytics over multiple layers of technologies.
* Built a strong new Big Data Center to include Nextgen Hadoop, SAP, Oracle,
Teradata, IBM, MS, and others.
* Integrated multiple Cloud Instances and eventually directed Cloud activities
and designs for global clients.
* Strong capabilities of interaction with the industry leaders for complete
architecture designs and upgrades to include UTC Pratt/Whitney and PayPal.
Google
CTO - Global Google Cloud Embedded Analytics - Data Science
Analytics 
March 2011 - September 2014 (3 years 7 months)
 
Page 4 of 8
 
 
Mountain View, CA
A successful Chief of Data Sciences and Data Officer for Google Cloud &
Analytics designs, Big Data, Artificial Intelligence & Deep Learning, and
Predictive Algorithm based Libraries. He enjoys keeping hands-on and leading
by example. Responsibilities included leading and mastering advanced
designs and utilization of Cyber Defense in Data Sciences and Artificial
Intelligence Cloud Instances in streamlining large data and data mining within
multiple worldwide domains. 
The technologies include proprietary software to the Google Cloud to include
Google Spanner and MS Azure, IBM Softlayer, Virtustream, Rackspace,
Hortonworks, AWS, and Oracle Cloud. Other technologies mastered were
Mongo, Hadoop Apache and Cognitio for structuring, encapsulating and
utilization of super large data better than any firm in the world. These were
R&D related to the overtures of new designs.
Interfaced with all divisions of Google, led the newly designed R&D labs for
the 'Young Genius' International and US-based teams. Traveled extensively
to present and chair new Google product releases and scientific discoveries
from my R&D teams. Reporting to the highest levels of leadership, led the
critical development of digital transformations and forensic future for Google
internationally and directing the Cyber Secure mission plans for infrastructure
and vendors. Developed the Center of Excellence for Big Data and Digital
Transformation enterprise releases focusing on new technologies, mobilities,
and eCommerce.
Apple
CDO, CISO advisement * Digital IoT transformations
July 2008 - March 2011 (2 years 9 months)
San Francisco Bay Area/International Domain
As the lead for Global Cloud-based Data Sciences & Analytics Chief of Data
Science, managed, designed and implemented new AI and Analytics Deep
Learning corporate architectures for the Data Science program. Introduced
new and very advanced Nextgen protocols. Implemented Predictive Analytics
on a new scale with data mining, data compression and management. I
completed this 18 month program in 8 months by leading and delegating tasks
to my expert teams.
Deloitte Digital
Partner & CTO - Big Data / SAP CTO / Cloud Architect Security
 
Page 5 of 8
 
 
July 2005 - August 2008 (3 years 2 months)
Chicago, New York, US & International Partners
Responsible for multiple programs related to advancement of integrated
technologies. Designed Cloud implementations with Cybersecurity footprints.
Responsibilities were to increase revenue and maintained a typical $150M
personal quota per year. Assisted in closing typical $200M wins in multiple
industries. Program Management and GTM as CTO for other Deloitte Partners.
Carried high OI and revenue ROI responsibilities and corporate growth.
Technologies were primarily Big Data, Cyber technologies, Hadoop, Oracle
Cloud, SAP / Teradata Cloud and Nextgen. Managed multiple projects
simultaneously within multiple clients. Led my teams to present proposals,
SOW and presented ROI reports to client executives. Strong Cloud, Cyber
Defense, Predictive Analytics, Advanced Big Data designs and utilization.
Led internal MDM, Metadata scoping and architect of several large, high cost
projects for commercial and government efforts. Influenced other divisions
to utilize new technologies in Cyber Scoring (Sensors), Cyber Defense data
management and KPI encryption.
Lockheed Martin
Program Director, and CTO (F-35 II Strike Fighter Program), JAST
Research & Development
August 1998 - July 2005 (7 years)
Maryland, Edwards AFB, Patuxent River NAS, Saudi Arabia, UK
Scientific and IT based management of the initial program for the F35II
Lightening Strike Fighter effort. Interfaced with higher level DOD leaders and
compiled appropriate information for auditing legal, program and corporate
infrastructure, R&D and Data Sciences inherent to this situation.
Senior Cyber Security Adjutant Officer for complete Cyber Defense program
infrastructure and liaison officer between the US DOD and Lockheed Martin's
Cyber Defense group. We developed new interactive Cyber Defense within the
Federal Cyber Research Division to support multinational, ultra-Cybersecurity
protocols and programs.
DOD Liaison and methodologies/technologies Director internal to Lockheed
and directed consulting hiring for entire effort still ongoing. Developed Cloud
infrastructure and software utilized for IT, Scientific and projects management
under the DOD control and international interface and liaison for foreign
negotiations and contracts oversight.
 
Page 6 of 8
 
 
Bradsworth International, Inc. - Aerospace and Interstellar Defense
Interstellar Defense and Aerospace R&D Director - Patented Leader in
New Aerospace Technologies
February 1994 - September 2000 (6 years 8 months)
United States, Canada, Australia, UK, Saudi Arabia
Advanced defense systems integration plans for the Department of Defense
and corporate security. Led Continued advanced Aerospace Engineering and
Aircraft Weapons designs. Interfaced with the greatest Aerospace Physicists
and Design Research teams in the US for ultimate and advanced Space Craft
designs. Directed over 170 Aerospace Engineers in R&D from multiple NATO
scientific groups.
Developed advanced Predictive Analytics in Quantum Mathematics and
Astrophysics to break boundaries of computer Artificial Intelligence and on-
board space craft robotics for interstellar travel. Holds several patents in Nano
Technology and Quantum Mechanics. 
Tier Technologies
Sr. Business Development Director of Advanced Technologies and
Infrastructure
January 1990 - February 1994 (4 years 2 months)
In the development of this young company, began as the Director of Technical
Architectures and helped as the Senior lead of advanced technologies and
global expansion in IEF. I used SAP technical aptitude and relationships
from previous years to place great numbers of people on billings for the
first 18 months. Within a few years, this organization gained major business
throughout the United States, Canada, and Australia. Also, had an interest in
their corporate IPO for release to the NYSE.
Logan Britton
Director - Programs, Information R&D  IT Technologies
1985 - 1990 (5 years)
United States, Global
Director large teams of R&D scientists and advanced technology teams
throughout the US and Canada and developed the infrastructure to lead
growth to a level of 6500+ employees. Main technologies were in the
Information Engineering structure of hierarchy efforts.
US Army
Special Operations - Officer - Pilot 160th Combat Aviation Brigade
 
Page 7 of 8
 
 
1979 - 1990 (11 years)
Eglin AFB (Current Active Reserve Base)
Active Reservist/Sr. Instructor Pilot & Combat Tactics Aviator.
Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Aerospace Astrophysics, Aeronautical and
Astronautical/Space Engineering · (1996 - 2002)
MIT Sloan School of Management
EMBA  , Banking, Corporate Finance, Insurance, and Securities Law,
IPO · (1983 - 1985)
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
BS, Advanced Mathematics, Astrophysics, Nano-Technology · (1975 - 1979)
Harvard University
Ph.D. Fellow Cryogen Propulsion, Advanced Aerospace, Atomic
Nucleosynthesis, Nanotechnology
 
Page 8 of 8
