 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ashish-tiwari-
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Risk Management
Portfolio Management
C++
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Web Analytics Fundamentals
Strategic Planning Fundamentals
Ashish Tiwari
CTO and Co-Founder at PixoPal
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Driving the team to create a technology platform for automating
digital (image) post production processes with our standardization &
objectivity. Business/Corporates can now leave their "processing the
digital asset" worries with us.
-- Winner of Blaze StartUp Summit 2019
-- Top 5 in Million-at-Stake 2019, IITKGP
Previously : Torux, Bentley, Afidium, IDRC
Experience of 11+ years specializing in Software solutions, design
& architect, UI/UX , Product development and Management in the
industry of financial Risk and Portfolio management , Analytics &
IOT.
Led high performance teams with continuous improvement programs
and excelled in managing Client engagement activities.
Specialties:   Microsoft Technologies, Analytics, CAD, ML in Image
Processing , Risk & Portfolio Management, Trade Life cycle,
Hedging, IOT, Strategic Planning & Initiatives
Experience
PixoPal
CTO, PixoPaL.com
January 2017 - Present (7 years 3 months)
Pune Area, India
Driving the team to create a technology platform for automating digital (image)
post production processes with our standardization & objectivity. Business/
Corporates can now leave their "processing the digital asset" worries with us.
IDRC
Technical Solutions Consultant
July 2014 - February 2015 (8 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Designed & developed the “client side” UI interface & api’s to interact with
analytics & data services.
Populate indexes from different vendors with instruments of different weights
and let users perform analytics based on inputs from index data, fact-set data,
sector data. The information filters were created for a better visualization of
the data.Calculation logic/expression parser were implemented for user-end
analysis. 
Usage of Dev-express tools for creating innovative visualization for client
Torux Software
Product Manager / Financial Engineer
June 2010 - June 2014 (4 years 1 month)
Creating Portfolio & Risk Management solutions for hedge funds and other
institutions
# Worked on creating Portfolio reports and Hedging Strategies for validating
various modules
#Knowledge of Risk Management and Hedging tools like VaR, Sensitivity
Analysis & Hedging Scenarios
Bentley Systems
Software Engineer
2005 - June 2010 (5 years)
Involved with Development, designing of Plant infrastructure simulation
software. Working on establishing distributed collaborative efforts
Education
IIT Bombay
Dual Degree( B.Tech + M.Tech )  · (2004)
 
Page 2 of 2
