 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/blairnewman
(LinkedIn)
bell.one/ (Company)
neuton.ai/main (Company)
Top Skills
IT Strategy
Business Strategy
IT Outsourcing
Languages
Spanish (Limited Working)
German (Limited Working)
Certifications
ITIL V3 Foundation
KARASS: Effective Negotiating
SUN Microsystems: CSA & SCNA
Cisco: CCNA & CTT
Six Sigma Green Belt
Honors-Awards
Global Excellence Award
Blair Newman
Chief Technology Officer at Neuton
Martinez, California, United States
Summary
Accomplished executive with 25+ years of experience creating
business value within the Information Technology industry. Decisive
leader managing and overseeing P&L’s, building pipelines of >$1Bn,
and generating multimillion-dollar cost savings via acquisitions,
shared services models and IT transformations. Possesses in-
depth enterprise experience required to accelerate growth via new
products, services and business initiatives. Skilled in enabling
technical and cross-functional teams with delivery of complex
infrastructure, application outsourcing including SAP, SaaS, PaaS &
IaaS cloud solutions & architectures.
Experience
Neuton
Chief Technology Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
San Jose, California, United States
Launched flagship service Neuton (Neuton.AI) an Auto-ML solution solving
problems technical problems such as:
• Regression
• Binomial/Multinomial Classification
• Time Series,
• Natural Language Processing
Enabling users to produce a neural network model from concept to predictions
in less than one day. This groundbreaking solution enables rapid, informed
decision making to drive:
• Predicting and preventing customer churn- during a pandemic
• Turning Innovation in to action with Machine Learning 
• Predicting customer adoption with new products and services. 
• Risk ratings for every customer
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
• Personalized customer journeys 
• Predicting promotional and new service adoption
• Predicting and preventing customer churn 
Bell Integrator
Chief Technology Officer
January 2015 - Present (9 years 3 months)
Drive digital transformation strategy to grow the company through the use
of technical resources, services and emerging technologies. Responsible
for overall vision, product inception, and customer delivery via digital SaaS
platform. Lead all aspects of architecture, software and product development,
including all make vs. buy analysis, investment rationalization, and delivery
schedule for high velocity solutions
BellOne SaaS based platform providing utility/usage-based pricing for services
such as Augmented Reality, IoT, Automated Machine Learning, Network-
based Automation. 
Launched flagship service Neuton (Neuton.AI) an Auto-ML solution solving
problems technical problems such as:
• Regression
• Binomial/Multinomial Classification
• Time Series, 
• Natural Language Processing 
Enabling users to produce a neural network model from concept to predictions
in less than one day. This groundbreaking solution enables rapid, informed
decision making to drive:
• Churn prevention
• Sales projections
• Customer segmentation
• Including business/data insights
Global Delivery with over 2000 Resources 
Digital Services
• Augmented Reality
• Aritificial Intelligence
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
• IoT
• Automation
• Business Analytics 
Core Services
• Software Development
• Application Services 
• Managed Services
• OSS/BSS
• Cloud Migration
T-Systems North America
11 years 1 month
Head of Computing Services and Solutions
June 2004 - January 2015 (10 years 8 months)
Martinez, CA
T-SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA (DIVISION OF DEUTSCHE TELECOM) 2004
– Present
An $11B division of Deutsche Telecom, a Tier 1 Service Provider offering ICT
technology solutions to companies globally
Head of Computing Services and Solutions 2010 - Present
Held $462M P&L with accountability for growing the global Computing
Services and Solutions division within this 11B telecommunications company.
Initial challenge focused on transforming portfolio to be market based
and competitive, growing the division both organically and with new logo.
Pioneered a 3-year roadmap that provided strategic guidance required to
increase revenue, optimize costs and capitalize on the division’s new portfolio
and business model.
DIRECTOR, OPEN & MAINFRAME SYSTEMS
January 2006 - January 2010 (4 years 1 month)
Martinez, CA
Director, Open & Mainframe Systems 2006 - 2010
Introduced emerging Cloud based technologies to the market and held full
accountability for accelerating revenue and margin growth with a $140M
P&L budget. Spearheaded branding, strategy development, pricing, product
life-cycle management and all governance related initiatives including
management of 100+ staff on 3 continents via 5 direct reports covering
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
operational service-line for Datacenter Services, Mainframe, UNIX, Wintel,
Middleware, Storage, Backup and Recovery support organizations.
DIRECTOR SERVICE DELIVERY, IT OPERATIONS
January 2004 - January 2006 (2 years 1 month)
Sunnyvale, CA
Director Service Delivery, IT Operations 2004 - 2006
Established operational direction and ensured lean status of $30M production
operation. Headed all functions of Service and Delivery Management for
all West Coast customers with autonomous accountability for driving and
improving operational output, quality and eliminating non-value adding waste.
Prepared forecasts/budgets for long-range planning and cost management.
Supervised 10 cross-functional teams of up to 50 in support of multiple Fortune
500 accounts.
Verizon Business (Formerly Digex, Inc)
Senior Manager, West Coast Operations
March 1999 - June 2004 (5 years 4 months)
San Jose, California
Verizon Business (Formerly Digex, Inc)
Senior Manager, Data Center Operations 2000-2004
Directed daily production operations of 24x7 data operations centers in 3
global locations. Including operations, purchasing, inventory, scheduling
and logistics. Successfully implemented operational improvements, cost-
saving processes for operating and capital expenditures. Ensured timely and
quality delivery of multi-platform web/database/application solutions, UNIX/NT
servers, fire walls, and 5000+ hosted and managed devices.
Sun Microsystems
Technical Project Lead
January 1996 - June 2000 (4 years 6 months)
Oversee technical migrations and campus consolidations
Education
Columbia Southern University
Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc), Information Technology · (2015)
Master's Institute
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Information Systems · (1994 - 1997)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5
