 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/bgaffney314
(LinkedIn)
www.hotschedules.com (Company)
Top Skills
Cloud Computing
Agile Methodologies
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Developing Your Leadership
Philosophy
Writing with Impact
Developing Executive Presence
Measuring Business Performance
Brian Gaffney
Chief Technology Officer
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
Software executive with over 15+ years in global sales, product
development, operations, and solution delivery to enterprise markets.
Experienced in building, leading and managing global teams.
Confident in bringing new solutions to market and selling into the
companies of all sizes. Equally at home in front of a code editor
writing software or on stage giving a sales presentation and live
demo of a solution. Proven track record in both product delivery for
venture-backed companies and custom software solutions for private
clients. 
Experience
Greenlight Guru
Chief Technology Officer
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Indianapolis, Indiana, United States
Parsable
Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Security Officer
November 2019 - January 2022 (2 years 3 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Develops the technical vision for Parsable’s software that empowers industrial
workers with modern digital tools and measurably increases productivity,
quality and safety across their operations. Scales the technical operations of
our SaaS platform for some of the largest industrial enterprises in the world.
Oversees a span that includes system architecture, software development,
SaaS and IT operations, as well as the data security and privacy functions. 
HotSchedules
5 years 11 months
Chief Technology Officer
January 2018 - September 2019 (1 year 9 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Created the R&D vision for delivering innovative and integrated labor
management and back-office products to restaurateurs and franchise
operators around the globe. The role included an executive design component
focused on identification & selection of technology; an operational component
focused on optimizing and aligning the technology investments with business
goals; an M&A component focused on product and technology due diligence.
Drove a successful acquisition with Marlin Equity Partners and subsequent
merger with Fourth.
Senior Vice President, Head of Engineering
August 2016 - January 2018 (1 year 6 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Owned the product development and SaaS operations across the company’s
total technology product portfolio. He was responsible for $28MM budget and
three product lines with delivery teams spread across multiple development
hubs including San Francisco, Austin, Atlanta, Sydney, South Africa,
Russia, Ukraine, Colombia, Vietnam. Aligned our internal staff and contract
engineering teams to continuously deliver high-quality software and ensure
constantly reliable service.
Vice President, Product Development
November 2013 - August 2016 (2 years 10 months)
Led the product management & development and SaaS Operations of the
company's multi-tenant development platform and the Internet of Things (IoT)
middleware purpose-built for the Restaurant Industry. The work included
creating the technology as well as the processes and mindset required of a
modern SaaS development team. Brought Business Intelligence and Inventory
Management applications to market. Designed and built an extensible in-store
agent technology for collecting data from smart kitchen devices and Point of
Sale (POS) Systems.
Emotive, Inc.
Vice President, Solutions Architect
January 2012 - November 2013 (1 year 11 months)
Oakland CA
Led the pre-sales evangelism and solution delivery on our Mobile Backend as
a Service Platform. Created our online web tools and language specific SDK's.
Managed multiple work streams with prospects and customers through the
entire solution development lifecycle.
Symplified, Inc.
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Principal Systems Engineer
October 2010 - January 2012 (1 year 4 months)
Boulder Colorado
Lead the presales of our Cloud Identity and Access Mangement (IAM) platform
for the western half of the United States. Developed technical marketing and
sales collateral. Managed global technical due diligence of our Symantec
partnership and technical relationships with worldwide distributors and
resellers. 
AppDynamics Inc
Principal Systems Engineer
March 2010 - October 2010 (8 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
First field engineer joining the company as part of the initial sales team for the
company's Application Performance Management (APM) software. Managed
all domestic pre-sales opportunities and professional services engagements
as well as technical aspects or of our international partner relationships. Hired
and trained the first field engineering teams. Configured and extended the core
systems software to work with customer architectures. Consulted on "live fire"
production performance analysis and resolution for customers and prospects.
AmberPoint Inc.
Senior Systems Engineer
May 2006 - April 2010 (4 years)
Oakland, California
Managed the technical business of the company’s SOA Monitoring &
Management Suite in the Western US and partner relationship with Microsoft.
Provided specific technical solutions and expertise to counterparts across
North America in the areas of security, embedded agent technology, and
application/service network architecture. Developed SDK for building and
extending the companies embedded JVM and .Net agent technology.
Booz Allen Hamilton
Associate, Software Architect
February 2002 - May 2006 (4 years 4 months)
Columbia, Maryland
Served as software engineering lead and technical advisor in the firm’s Global
Information Technology business. Lead full-lifecycle development of large-
scale SIGINT and ELINT systems blending commercial and open source
technologies. Introduced modern software engineering practices to Intelligence
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Community clients. Participated in the firm’s business development activities
and presented during sales and marketing proposals.
Independent Consulting
Independent Contractor, Software Engineer
May 2001 - February 2002 (10 months)
Overhauled the relational model and processing logic of a legacy
commissioning system for a private client. The product was delivered, tested,
documented, and went into production.
Statusphere
Software Engineer
March 2001 - December 2001 (10 months)
Software Engineer with a venture backed software start-up focused on
creating an online network management portal. This position exposed him
to agile software development methods, software engineering patterns, and
Java/JEE software components. Participated and presented in architectural
discussions, project management meetings, and departmental code reviews.
He contributed major portions of the teams automated software build and
deployment tools.
Network Access Solutions
Web Application Development Lead
July 1999 - March 2001 (1 year 9 months)
Grew from summer intern to manager of the application and web development
group. Developed and operated the companyJ's initial business applications,
web presence, and reporting tools. Participated in the requirements and
architectural specification of the company'Js next generation suite of
enterprise applications architecture focusing specifically on middleware
software.
Education
University of Notre Dame
B.S, Mathematics · (August 1995 - May 1999)
The Johns Hopkins University
M.S., Computer Science · (2003 - 2005)
 
Page 4 of 4
