 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/daivakshah
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Mobile Devices
Scalability
Agile Methodologies
Daivak S.
Chief Technology Officer at Pacaso
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
Passionate product engineering leader, successfully led and
managed cross-functional teams. Partnered with business, product
& design leaders to define vision and develop engaging b2c and b2b
product experiences starting from ideation.
Released highly scalable, innovative and connected consumer &
enterprise software products on diverse technology stack – Java,
iOS, Android, Web, AWS technologies etc.
Experience building highly engaged multi-location engineering
teams, defining tech/product strategy and identifying appropriate
development methodology such as agile, kanban, etc. as per the
business needs and phase in the release life cycle.
Experience
Pacaso
Chief Technology Officer
March 2020 - Present (4 years 1 month)
San Francisco Bay Area
Enriching lives by making second home ownership possible and enjoyable for
more people.
Zillow Group
Vice President Of Engineering
September 2012 - March 2020 (7 years 7 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Head the engineering organization for transaction technology, working towards
the Zillow Group mission of providing a seamless experience for buying and
selling of real estate.
Cogarden
Advisor & Investor
March 2016 - June 2019 (3 years 4 months)
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
San Francisco, California, United States
Cogarden is a platform empowering food entrepreneurs to discover new local
markets and connecting community food enthusiasts with passionate food
producers around them.
dotloop (acquired by Zillow Group)
Vice President of Engineering
September 2012 - August 2015 (3 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Head the engineering organization for dotloop, working towards the Zillow
Group mission of building the largest, most trusted and vibrant Real Estate
Market Place.
Yahoo
8 years 4 months
Sr. Engineering Manager (Mobile Products)
February 2007 - September 2012 (5 years 8 months)
Sunnyvale Ca
Managed end to end life cycle of products for tablets and mobile devices
right from their conception phase: Livestand (livestand.com), Homepage
(m.yahoo.com) and oneSearch 
- Lead and manage multiple teams developing Yahoo!’s next generation
Content Experience. Native iOS & Android apps, web - HTML 5/CSS3/
Javascript and backend infrastructure 
- Hands on engineering leader driving design and architecture of critical
components.
Engineering Lead (Mobile Products)
June 2004 - January 2007 (2 years 8 months)
VerdiSoft was a startup acquired by Yahoo!
- Built a stateless Data Gateway using PHP/Apache to provide normalized
content like news, driving directions etc. for various Yahoo! Go clients and
widgets like iPhone stock/weather.
- Coordinate different engineering development tasks between various Yahoo
and partner teams across the globe.
- Tech design and development of Connected Life server providing sync
functionality for personal user content. It was built using Java/J2EE, JBoss and
MySQL.
IBM Germany (Boeblingen Lab)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Software Engineer
February 2003 - February 2004 (1 year 1 month)
- Analyzed Architectural alternatives for Web Sphere Process Choreographer
(WPC). Which was also the thesis subject for my Masters
- Worked part time developing different tools for performance analysis and
configuration of WPC.
Mastek Ltd.
Software Developer
August 2001 - August 2002 (1 year 1 month)
- Developed Insurance record management software using OO programming
principles, RDBMS - Oracle8i, SQL and Java/J2EE technologies in a fast
paced high-pressure environment.
- Responsibilities included server side development, client side development
and R&D related to the project.
Education
Hochschule Esslingen - University of Applied Sciences
MSc, Information Technology & Automation Systems
University of Mumbai
Bachelors, Electronics
 
Page 3 of 3
