 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/drjpickens
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business Intelligence
SDLC
Disaster Recovery
Dr. J Pickens PhD, MBA
Chief Technology Officer ( CTO ) | Chief Information Officer ( CIO )
| Head of Technology | Executive Management | Digital | Innovator |
Strategic Technology Delivery
Greater Orlando
Summary
An accomplished people-focused, technology and operations
executive with a strong business orientation and focus on
results.  With digital transformation, data analytics, infrastructure,
cybersecurity, and management experience in a range of industries,
including specialty distribution, manufacturing, and retailers.  Builds
strong, and trusted relationships with all levels in the business
through excellent communications and a highly collaborative style
that emphasizes engagement, partnership, and teamwork.  A proven
track-record of transforming organizations through strong change
management, defining the vision, creating execution plans, and
building high performing teams resulting in delivery of complex, large
scale strategic programs.  
A collaborative, influential partner that builds high performing teams
with a focus on flexible, and scalable solutions.  Develops groups
into high performing, autonomous, and resilient teams that have
been able to achieve significant advancements for the business
from implementing ERP’s, TMS, WMS, e-commerce systems,
mobile applications.  A key strength is the ability to break down
large complex projects into simple tactical problems.  This allows
the teams to be highly productive and has led us to migrate multiple
data centers, and complete simultaneous integrations of acquisitions
with up to $2B in revenue across more than 20 business entities.  My
most rewarding career roles have been taking on new challenges
and successfully leading complex technology enabled business
initiatives where new technology improves the customer experience,
drives operational efficiencies, and supports transformational
business growth. 
Specialties
• Vision/Strategy: Translates company’s mission/vision into
achievable IT strategy, creates plan with clear 
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
objectives
• Innovation: Solves complex business challenges through digital
technology transformation delivering results with strong commercial/
financial focus
• Leadership: Builds and leads highly responsive and business
focused IT organizations.
• Turnarounds: Leads difficult projects and team turnarounds with
compassion change management, and business readiness.
• Deliver Complex Projects: Technology transformation projects
including digitizing the workplace, TMS, WMS, e-Commerce, ERP,
mobile technologies, and SaaS/cloud first.
• M&A: Due diligence, planning and execution of integration across
the enterprise
• Security/Compliance/Governance: PCI, SOX, IT controls/audits,
ITIL, CIS20, NIST
Experience
White Cap
Chief Technology Officer
October 2020 - Present (3 years 6 months)
Orlando, Florida, United States
As Chief Technology Officer of Whitecap, I am proud to be part of one of the
best IT teams in the Southeast and excited to begin our new journey!
HD Supply Construction and Industrial
Chief Information Officer
March 2015 - October 2020 (5 years 8 months)
Leading the best IT team in the business, providing field first service as
a business partner through a digital revolution leading to a competitive
advantage that cannot be beat.
HD Supply
Director Of Information Technology
November 2006 - May 2015 (8 years 7 months)
Worked for this great company for over a decade and privileged to have had a
fulfilling career.  Currently working for the Construction and Industrial business
leading the Devops teams for Oracle E-Business suite.  Prior I have led the
web design, business intelligence, DBA, Linux, Storage,  backup teams and
others.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Hughes Supply
Director Supply Chain Systems
August 2003 - November 2006 (3 years 4 months)
Oversaw implementation of multiple supply chain systems for this $3.5B
fortune 500 company of construction and MRO products.  Managed three
teams with responsibility for the implementation and maintenance of
transportation, fleet, demand and inventory software.   Had the responsibility
for the implementation of product and pricing updates, system maintenance
and system implementation. Led the evaluation and negotiation team to
choose platforms, worked with the business community to develop a strategic
vision, and educating the senior management on that vision.
Education
Northcentral University
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), Business Administration and Management,
Specialization in Information Systems · (2015 - 2018)
Regis University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Business Administration and
Management, General · (2001 - 2003)
University of Phoenix
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, Business Administration,
Management and Operations · (1998 - 2001)
 
Page 3 of 3
