 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pillaijay
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Enterprise Software
Software Development
Cloud Computing
Languages
Hindi
English
Malayalam
Certifications
Certified Blockchain Expert
Jay Pillai
Chief Technology Officer
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
* Deep hands-on technology leader and a proponent of disruptive
innovations; leading distributed teams delivering high quality,
innovative and world-class enterprise software products; hands-
on expertise in technology management, enterprise software
development and global operations. 
* Have brought products from inception to 100’ of millions of users
across B2B and B2C domains with broad experience across cloud,
server, mobile and web; Product Revenues range from start-up
to $1B; Team sizes have ranged from inception to 500+ across
engineering, QA, cloud operations and product analysts
* Proven track record of building and leading high-performance
teams (architecture, engineering, release, and product management)
across multiple continents; defining initial vision, roadmap,
methodology; processes required in creating the respective
disciplines and growing teams; establishing a culture of productivity
& quality where validation occurs at every possible step – team sizes
have been from start-ups to scale-ups to large organizations
* Known for being an interpreter of business needs to the
engineering team, and technology speak to the business leadership.
Drive business focused technology growth through visionary
engineering technology leadership
* Managed transition of products through periods of major
architecture and technology revisions; monolithic to decoupled,
cloud-native, microservice applications with rich set of REST / OPEN
APIs; implementing event-driven architecture using Apache Kafka
providing near real-time data.
* Innovative; action-oriented; approachable; winning confidence of
team, leadership & customers; empowering engineers to innovate
while providing technical expertise to make decisions best for
business
* Domain experience in B2B and B2C SaaS – enterprise technology
segments across database, middleware, complex industry
applications; Rich industry experience across Financial Services,
Insurance, Healthcare
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Experience
Azentio Software
Chief Technology Officer
June 2022 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Finastra
Head Of Engineering (Retail Banking, Digital & Cloud)
July 2018 - May 2022 (3 years 11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
* Responsible for strategic planning, product planning, architecture,
engineering, and release of retail core banking and digital banking solutions.
Member of the Finastra Leadership team worldwide responsible for overall
business and technology strategy
* Inherited a team with no discerning work process and instilled the Agile
software development methodology. Created a dynamic culture of trust,
healthy conflict, commitment, accountability, and results. Attracted and
retained a team of over 300 engineers who are spread over centers of
excellence in London, Bangalore, Dubai, and Manila. eNPS moved from -10 to
+ 50
* Transformed the core banking strategy from legacy back-office to a next-
generation, cloud-native banking platform with decoupled, microservice
applications providing rich set of open/rest APIs; event-streaming architecture
using Apache Kafka; digital engagement, and embedded AI/ML within banking
processes. 
* Initiated the decoupling of monolithic application; developing stand-alone
applications built around business domains by adopting microservice and
event-driven architecture. 
* Developed integration capabilities around fraud detection & analytics, open
banking & PSD2 providers, data & credit companies, payment providers KYC
providers etc.
* Enabled the enterprise product to become the flagship product of Finastra
and was rated as a leader by Forrester with the highest score for strategy
in Digital Banking Platform Wave, September 2020. Customer NPS and
Retention in the high 90’s with annual ARR over $100 M with a double-digit
growth.
* Achieved 87% reduction in backlogs; accomplished 96% test automation &
91% code coverage; reduced commit-do-deploy time with CI/CD process to
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
minutes; shortened release cycles from yearly to weekly; delivered multiple
releases with no regressions.
* Launched a strategic initiative to move to Cloud Core Banking successfully
with Neo Banks and later expanded to larger Tier 3 & 4 banks
Zoylo Digihealth Pvt Ltd
Chief Technology Officer
November 2016 - June 2018 (1 year 8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
* Defined the vision, roadmap, architecture for a healthcare technology
platform (SaaS) – ZOYLO – connecting end-users to a vast spectrum of
healthcare services with an ecosystem of services such as doctors, hospitals,
diagnostic centers, home-care services etc. Product features included
map-based search, appointment schedule, practice management, online
consultation, electronic health record, eCommerce, payment gateway etc.
Established an engineering team with over 60 engineers. Developed the
product following twelve-factor app principles and adopting microservice &
event-driven architecture. Manage full lifecycle product development cycles
in an agile scrum fashion. Achieved over 5 million users in the initial 3 months
post nation-wide rollout.
* Product won (1) Best Healthcare startup of the year (World Startup Expo,
Bangalore) and (2) Best Healthcare App of the year (India Health & Wellness
Summit, New Delhi).
RakSan Consulting
Chief Technology Officer
December 2015 - October 2016 (11 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Established a product engineering team for the startup by hiring over 70
engineers. Implemented agile process and best software development
practices for engineering. Deployed new tools and technologies for continuous
integration, automated deployments, automated testing, and application
performance monitoring to ensure validation at every possible step.
OpenText
Senior Director (Software Engineering)
August 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 2 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
* Led the IDC Architecture Review Group in bringing innovate solutions to
enable seamless integration of products; in ensuring architectural standards
are incorporated across all enterprise products and revised as needed.
* Drove the business case that led to the $330M acquisition of Actuate, a
leading business intelligence product.
* Headed product engineering teams:  
o Vignette Records & Documents (VRD
o Integrated Document Management (IDM)
o Business Intelligence & Analytics for GXS (global cloud based B2B
integration & services)
Oracle
16 years 3 months
Senior Director (Software Development) - Financial Services
June 2010 - March 2014 (3 years 10 months)
Hyderabad, India
* Responsible for establishing new product development centers for Oracle
Insurance business unit at Hyderabad and Bangalore. Grew the organizational
strength to over 200 by attracting top talents, to augment US suite.
* Drove transformational change in the development and deployment of Oracle
Insurance Product Administration (OIPA) product by adopting Oracle Fusion
technology stack.
* Reduced operational cost over 150% by moving product development
offshore; shortened release cycle to rapid 90 days, implemented Group
Insurance in OIPA resulting in 80% growth (from $22M to $42M).
* Rolled out OIDX (Insurance Data Exchange) to Cloud, the first among Oracle
GBUs.
Director (Software Development) - Fusion Middleware
August 2006 - June 2010 (3 years 11 months)
Redwood Shores, CA, USA
* Responsible for the complete life cycle of core infrastructure components
of Oracle Fusion Applications; implemented application specific guidelines
(OJDeploy) and code audit (OJAudit) ensuring over 1M lines of core layer
compiled with high-availability, performance and security guidelines;
developed near-zero downtime and zero data-loss migration framework
using Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) to enable customers migrate from Oracle
eBusiness to Oracle Fusion.
Senior Development Manager – Applications Technology Group
April 2002 - August 2006 (4 years 5 months)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Redwood Shores, CA, USA
* Part of the management team responsible for the complete life cycle of
Oracle Applications Framework (OAF)
Development Manager – Java Technology Foundation (JTF)
January 1998 - April 2002 (4 years 4 months)
Redwood Shores, CA, USA
* Led the engineering team responsible for Declarative Components
Framework and Wireless Framework and business intelligence reporting
framework
Education
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
Executive Management Programme, Management
University of Kerala
Bachelor's degree 
 
Page 5 of 5
