 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jaybalan
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
IT Infrastructure Management
Security Management
Application Development
Languages
Tamil
Hindi
Malayalam
English
Certifications
Project Management Professional
ITIL Foundations
ITIL Practioner
SCRUM
ITIL service manager
Publications
Estimation of manpower
requirements using MRP 
Jay Balan
Chief Information Officer (CIO)
United States
Summary
High-powered, results-driven technocrat with 25 years of experience
in strategic planning, pre-sales, hands-on global program delivery
execution and CxO advisory. Adept at leveraging technical,
business and relationship skills to deliver large-scale transformation
projects with Fortune 500 companies in multiple verticals including
mining, manufacturing, government and pharmaceuticals. Proven
track record of creating business value utilizing “out-of-the-box”
approaches. Competent in revenue and margin management, brand
building, process improvement and project management and building
high-value teams. As a “Thought Leader” for EDS, Hewlett Packard
and Compuware, optimized the client’s business processes and
programs to improve efficiency and productivity. Possesses a keen
eye for details and capable of multitasking in fiercely competitive
and fast-paced environments. Built strategic and long term business
relationships with senior key stakeholders. Currently the CIO for IXS,
which is a part of the PE firm - ClearLake LLC.
Experience
IXS Coatings
Chief Information Officer (CIO)
August 2021 - Present (2 years 8 months)
Ontario, Canada
Headquartered in Windsor, Ontario, IXS operates two market-leading divisions,
Ground Effects and IXS Coatings. Ground Effects provides automotive
OEMs with margin-enhancing vehicle upfit services including the commercial
application of spray-on pickup truck bedliners and installation of factory options
and special edition modifications. IXS Coatings includes LINE-X, a franchisor
of 500+ branded service locations and the industry's largest aftermarket
retailer of spray-on bedliners, as well as Industrial Coatings, which provides
protective coating solutions to a wide and expanding range of end markets,
including energy, marine, and defense. IXS's global footprint includes more
than 35 Company-operated facilities across the Americas, APAC, and EMEA
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
S4 Services LLC
VP - Technology enablement and Delivery Leader
July 2016 - August 2021 (5 years 2 months)
Compuware
Technical Program Director
April 2013 - July 2016 (3 years 4 months)
Greater Detroit Area
Hewlett-Packard
Office of the CTO
March 2008 - April 2013 (5 years 2 months)
Global
Executed business landscape analysis and management of multiple work
streams along with EDS Alliance partners – Sun Microsystems, Cisco, Oracle,
Microsoft and EMC. Lead Architect from HP on the GMAC-HP engagement.
Drove Innovation and “Thought Leadership” through the enterprise along with
the GMAC CTO. Led a concurrent effort for the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS) to provide delivery guidance on migrating to  a new Data
Center.Managed and provided oversight over all RFI, RFP and bid responses.
Lead Architect within GM Global Web hosting 
EDS Group
Senior Engagement Manager
March 1990 - September 2008 (18 years 7 months)
As a certified PMP, ITIL Service Manager, TOGAF certified Enterprise
Architect, with a strong Operations Research background (OR) executed
business landscape analysis and management of multiple work streams along
with EDS Alliance partners – Sun Microsystems, Cisco, Oracle, Microsoft
and EMC. Responsible for enhancing the technical maturity with the team via
formal coaching. Lead Architect from HP on the GMAC-HP engagement.
Education
Wayne State University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), International business &
Finance · (1995 - 1997)
Bombay University
B.E, Computer and Information Sciences
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Wayne State University
Master's degree, Computer Science
 
Page 3 of 3
