 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lrbaisch
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SaaS
Enterprise Software
Pre-sales
Languages
Russian (Limited Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Patents
Methods and Systems for
Certification, Analysis and Valuation
of Music Catalogs
Lawrence Baisch
Chief Technology Officer at RYAILITI, LLC
United States
Summary
Experienced executive with a demonstrated history of success
in the computer software industry. Throughout my career, I have
enabled customers and partners in the healthcare, financial services,
entertainment and government sectors to achieve success with
enterprise technology initiatives. Skilled in Requirements Analysis,
Enterprise Software, Business Development, Agile Methodologies,
and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). I'm also a proven
technological entrepreneurship professional with Master of Science
(M.Sc.) and Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) degrees
from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Experience
RYAILITI LLC
Chief Technology Officer
April 2018 - Present (6 years)
United States
Luminous Systems, LLC
Founder and Chief Executive Officer
October 2003 - Present (20 years 6 months)
United States
Over the past 15+ years, Luminous Systems has provided enterprise-class
cloud computing strategies, delivered production solutions and executed
interim executive assignments forclients in the financial services, healthcare/
life sciences, higher education and entertainment sectors. A key differentiator
has and continues to be the ability to source the right talent at the right time for
project engagements.  
Aizon 
Chief Customer Success Officer
May 2020 - July 2022 (2 years 3 months)
United States
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Responsible for initial delivery, expansion and on-going technical support of all
AI-powered solutions deployed for Aizon customers.
Salesforce
Enterprise Architect
September 2017 - December 2019 (2 years 4 months)
New York, United States
Led the development and delivery of cloud strategy to enterprise customers
in the healthcare/life sciences and financial services industries.  Delivered
support to pre-sales activities via enterprise systems mapping, migration
recommendations and Salesforce multi-cloud org configuration strategies.
Deloitte
Analytics Team Lead
December 2014 - July 2017 (2 years 8 months)
San Francisco, California, United States
Engaged by Deloite's ERM practice to build the initial version of the Enterprise
Risk Analytics Platform.  A cloud-based workbench environment that enabled
risk analysts and data scientists to rapidly develop scenarios and projected
outcomes based on multi-dimensional cognitive analysis of very large
datasets.
Education
Michigan State University
Bachelor's degree, Economics/Social Science and Humanities
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Information Technology
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Computer and Information Science
 
Page 2 of 2
