 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/madhavi-
puranam-5b254b1 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Digital Strategy
Cloud Transformation
Trusted Business Advisor
Languages
English
Certifications
Certified Project Management
Professional (PMP)
Internal Quality Auditor
OCP
Certified Global Business Leader
(CGBL) from U21 and Harvard
Business School
Six Sigma Master Black Belt
Madhavi Puranam
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Madhavi Puranam is the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of the
company. With over 27 years of experience, she is a global business
leader and digital transformation visionary in corporate business
consulting. An accomplished growth leader in digital strategy, cloud
transformations, and emerging technology adoption, delivered
excellence with the right talent, operational excellence, thought
leadership in platform-led solutions, and built full life cycle leaders.
She is also an expert in M&A consolidation strategy, partnerships
& and alliances, setup IT start-ups & and subsidiaries. She has
travelled across the globe and managed large engagements in both
onsite & and offshore models. She has also held senior management
positions at major IT companies.
Her primary focus is to provide strategic direction to our customers
for business growth as well as operational excellence through digital
transformation.
She holds a master's degree in computer applications, global
business leadership from Harvard Business School, a project
management professional from PMI, a Six Sigma Master Black Belt,
and an internal quality auditor from a big IT organization.
Experience
Self.
Chief Technology Officer
September 2023 - September 2023 (1 month)
United States
.
3 years 10 months
SVP, Global Head of Enterprise Applciations
July 2022 - May 2023 (11 months)
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
VP, Oracle Global Practice Head
August 2019 - October 2022 (3 years 3 months)
Start- Up
Director - Technologies
July 2017 - May 2019 (1 year 11 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Oracle, Digitization and Cloud technologies.
Tech Mahindra
GLOBAL PRACTICE HEAD/ IT DELIVERY HEAD
January 1999 - June 2017 (18 years 6 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Snapshot:
. Strategist with skills in identifying client business needs, conceptualizing
technical solutions and strategies for achieving the Business goals;
distinguished competencies in delivering projects for global clients
. Passionate business advocate with skills to ensure alignment between
Customer Business and IT
Transformational leader with deep experience and understanding of
technology, cross-functional team management and organizational dynamics
of a global company. 
. Delivered several Multi Million accounts with highest customer satisfaction 
Expertise in identifying gaps in Customer IT Landscape and recommend cost
effective solutions at enterprise level
. Breadth of experience across all aspects of strategizing, directing and
executing large scale IT operations and creating operational service synergies
across functional units. 
. Experience in CMMI, Six Sigma, ITIL, Agile, AIM, OUM, internal audit
processes. 
Participation in analyst meetings with Gartner/Forrester/IDC. 
. Complete Business development / Pre-sales activities 
. Key member of the Oracle group and enormously contributed to practice
growth 
. Successfully incubated various new service offerings and established
excellent relationship with Oracle Team 
Education
Harvard University
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Global Business Leadership 
Osmania University
 
Page 3 of 3
