 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mahendra-
moghe-25315713 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Machine Learning
Mahendra Moghe
Chief Technology Officer - Global
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Allwave-AV Systems
Chief Technology Officer
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
A leader with over 25 years of experience driving technology transformation
across large organizations.
I have deployed and managed enterprise infrastructure and data centers for
many large corporations like VSNL, MFUND, Taj Group of Hotels, ICICI Bank,
IDBI Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, Motorola, DuPont, CISCO, MASTEK,
Infosys, Fullerton India Credit Co. Ltd. Aditya Birla Sunlife Insurance Co. Ltd.
and Johnson & Johnson.
Few key achievements over the years -
Strategizing, Implementing, and Managing complete IT Infrastructure & Global
application support desk 
Managing NOC operations for large organizations 
Implementing Citrix Desktop Virtualisation for extremely remote branches with
low bandwidth. (first ever case in India)
Implementation of Microfinance Branches in rural India where power and on-
site IT support is a major issue. Commissioning microfinance branches on
Solar power thereby removing the need to connect to a 240 volts power.
Setting up automation for Business Continuity by building a robust DR setup
with a seamless switch over from Primary site to DR site. 
Today, I am responsible for :
Strategy, Implementation of IT across organizations
Team Building and resource management across geographies 
Delivering software services for large global financial and pharmaceutical
companies
Development of Technology Products
Knowledge across a variety of hardware and software trends (proprietary +
open source technologies) AI ML Big Data, Data lake
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Precise innovation, customer-centric solutions for Global customers
Enterprise Cloud Security for Applications deploy Network Operations center,
design and deliver AI ML-based products for All Wave Global Services
customers
I am genuinely excited about the possibility of what the future holds. 
Feel free to connect with me on mahendra.moghe@allwavegs.com
HCL Technologies
NOC Head
June 2021 - December 2021 (7 months)
India
Headed Global Network Operations Center for Johnson and Johnson Ltd.
Ensure SLAs are met. Ensure Changes are coordinated implemented across
countries like Japan, China Korea where knowledge of spoken English
language is a rare skill. Handle Major Incidents efficiently by involving the right
skills at right time and escalate to stake holders before there is any business
impact across LATAM, EMEA and ASPAC region. Design and implement
efficient process so that services are restored without any business impact.
Select mentor and groom new engineer and arrange various training on new
technologies like SDWAN, Cisco Meraki. Arrange tools training (Service Now,
Logic Monitor, Moogsoft etc.) which enable efficient service delivery for huge
and complex network of this Pharmaceutical conglomerate.
Trident Retail Networks
Sales Director
February 2020 - June 2021 (1 year 5 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Achieving growth and hitting sales targets by successfully managing the sales
team
Designing and implementing a strategic sales plan that expands company’s
customer base and ensure it’s strong presence. Handled Major FMCG
brands like Parle, Britannia, Chitale, Xotik Frujus, Ocean Fruit Drink and Lindt
Chocolates.
Managing recruiting, objectives setting, coaching and performance monitoring
of sales representatives
Present sales, revenue and expenses reports and realistic forecasts to the
management team
Identify emerging markets and market shifts while being fully aware of new
products and competition status
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Training for newly recruited sales managers
Merchandise, Design/Draw Planogram for retail shops, Daily sales Beat
(Permanent Journey Plan), Mark up and Mark down margin, CRM application
training etc.
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance
Assistant Vice President Information Technology
May 2014 - February 2020 (5 years 10 months)
India
Responsible for IT Infrastructure and IT Operations
Ensure 99.9% up time for IT infra 
Manage 430 Branches 5500 Desk tops, 10000 Mobile devices, 500 server 450
Network Routers, 10000 Users, 450 TB of Enterprise Data. 
Responsible for uptime of core Policy admin system (Ingenium). 
Data Centre Operations and Information Security 
Designed and deployed Artificial Intelligence and natural language processing
NLP Based applications.
Deployed Robotic Process Automation for various business process which
resulted in huge cost save for the organization.
Amazon and Azure Cloud deployments for Enterprise applications.
Completed Training on Architecting on AWS cloud and Six Sigma Green Belt
 
Page 3 of 3
