 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/manoj-modi-
b9773116 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Power Electronics
Electrical Engineering
C++
Languages
Hindi (Full Professional)
English (Full Professional)
German (Elementary)
Honors-Awards
Promising New Comer of the Year-
2011
Publications
Design Optimization of Switched
Reluctance Surface Motor using
Finite Element Analysis
Analysis of Reverse-Saliency PMSM
with Multiple Flux-Barriers for SWPS
Improved single-zone
overmodulation algorithm for space
vector modulated inverters
Analysis of Overmodulation in sine
triangle PWM from space vector
perspective
Analysis and Comparison of
Overmodulation Algorithms for
Space  Vector Modulated Voltage
Source Inverter
Patents
: METHOD AND APPARATUS
FOR SOFT START, SOFT
STOP,PROTECTION & BROWN
OUT OPERATION OF A GRID
CONNECTED MOTOR
METHODS & APPARATUS FOR
SOFT STARTING AND STOPPING
A MOTOR
Manoj Modi
Chief Technology Officer
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
Summary
• A technocrat with in-depth experience in the field of power
electronics (UPS, Inverter & Drives, Solar PV, Solar thermal, Power
supplies)- design, development & engineering
• Hands-on experience in design, development and testing of power
electronic circuits.
• Design of high and low frequency transformers, inductors, and
testing the magnetic circuit for performance and reliability
• Experienced in capturing the end customer requirements and
converting requirements into technical specifications and strong
troubleshooting skills
• Expert in EMI/EMC testing for functional and regulatory
requirements
• Expert in developing firmware/software algorithms to develop
intelligent electronics system
• A strong experience of working with manufacturing and other cross
functional team
• Demonstrated abilities in achieving cost savings across
assignments
• Basic knowledge of various process & project management for
enhancing the operational efficiency
• Effective communicator, team worker with strong analytical and
problem solving skill & continuous learning skills
• M.E (Power Electronics) from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore
Experience
CastNX Private LTD.
Chief Technology Officer
October 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Dewas, Madhya Pradesh, India
Shakti Pumps (I) Ltd.
Head of Research And Development
September 2016 - October 2022 (6 years 2 months)
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
ADA conversion based contactor
less soft starter
Method and apparatus for soft
starting, soft stopping a motor
A unidirectional solar water pump
with grid tied power generation
Indore Area, India
Schneider Electric
Associate Lead Firmware
April 2014 - September 2016 (2 years 6 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Greentek system India (Infinia Corporation, USA)
Dy. Manager (Power Electronics and Control)
May 2013 - March 2014 (11 months)
Ogden, Utah, USA
Design & development of sterling engine based PowerDishTM and fueled
product in terms of technology demonstration. Carrying out the detailed design
including target cost achievement and all the regulatory standards.
Schneider Electric
Design Engineer R&D
August 2010 - April 2013 (2 years 9 months)
Design, development & engineering of online UPS and coordinate with
manufacturing and other cross functional teams, carrying out a detailed
design including feasibility study, concept simulation, worst case analysis,
prototype development, PCB development and finally completing design &
implementation phase. Design & Test the underdevelopment projects for
different regulatory standards. Field failure analysis and troubleshooting for
online UPS.
Indian Institute of Science
Lab. Engineer-High Power Lab
August 2009 - July 2010 (1 year)
Indorama
Electrical Engineer
June 2007 - July 2008 (1 year 2 months)
AC drive Programming & troubleshooting:-
1. AC drives Programmer according to system application.
2. Commission of ac drive in different application.
3. Troubleshooting of different versions of Allen Bradley drive and other
Electronic PCB
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Education
Indian Institute of Science
M.E., Power Electronics, Electrical Drives · (2008 - 2010)
Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya
B.E., Electrical Engineering · (2003 - 2007)
Shishu Vihar
 
Page 3 of 3
