 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/manmat
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Software Development
Requirements Analysis
Agile Methodologies
Honors-Awards
Spot Award for Best Performance
10 US Patents
Achiever Award - Innovation and
Productivity
Patents
Transmission of Medical Image data
Parallel Processing for generating a
thinned image
Timing of Displayed Objects
Image Labeling using Parallel
Processing
Processing of medical image data
Manoj Mathew
Chief Technology Officer
Greater Los Angeles, California, United States
Summary
My focus has been on strategies which takes a deep dive into
market dynamics and customers’ needs by ushering a potent mix
of business acumen and technology. My hands on development
and business experience with background in engineering and
business have allowed me to spearhead numerous major projects
with high-level vision for leadership and ground-level understanding
for oversight. 
I help align the team to ensure customers get their needs met in a
seamless fashion. I help focus on execution of a plan and constantly
test results and fine tune for peak performance.
I’m a proven operating executive with significant turnaround and
growth experience, successful with generating profits and creating
shareholder value in both public and private companies by aligning
strategies with customer and market demands. 
My passion for algorithms, problem solving and deep-dive into
details has helped in obtaining 7 Patents and number of Patent
pending applications with the US Patents & Trademark office
(USPTO).
Today, my role is to create and refine a business vision along with
the stakeholders of your organization and to act as a sounding
board and thought leader as we break that vision down into
development deliverables' with a focus on ROI. Through years of
industry experience working with large companies in research &
development, business development, and account management, I
like to see and see business thrive by being a transformation agent
by using technology as a vehicle that powers progress.
Leadership
• Turnarounds & Transformation
• Change Leadership
• ROI Focused
 
Page 1 of 9
 
 
Business Development
• Strategic Marketing with analytics and business intelligence
• Global Business Development 
• Focus on Revenue growth 
• Account Management
Engineering Strategy
• Business Problem Solving & Approach
• Process Optimization
• Model Driven Development
• Enterprise Modelling and Specialty Engineering
• Corporate and New Venture
Experience
LendingUSA
7 years 5 months
Chief Technology Officer
November 2016 - Present (7 years 5 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
LendingUSA is a technology-driven financing solution that gives merchants
the power to offer affordable financing to their customers - right at the point
of sale. LendingUSA was recognized as the #1 “Emerging Lending Platform
of the Year” of 2018 at Lendit for the company with the "greatest potential to
impact the future of online lending."
As a technology leader within the organization, my focus is to produce
seamless synergy between  organizational goals and empower cross-
functional teams to collaborate towards optimizing our talent and capabilities. 
Product Development - Architect and provide leadership to the innovative
technology platform for all aspects of the loan origination, sales, marketing and
servicing process. 
Strategic Planning - Achieve and exceed organizational goals by identifying
and prioritizing development initiatives and setting timetables
 
Page 2 of 9
 
 
Collaboration - Establish governance processes to ensure that objectives are
achieved risks are managed appropriately
Security - Design and execution of information security plan that protects
organizational confidentiality and integrity
PM - Establish and supervise the software development process setting
objectives with measurable metrics and transparency
Quality - Establish and supervise a quality assurance process. Establish
application deployment process and critical production systems
Customer Service - Establish customer service and DevOps process. Establish
tech driven process to support resolution of customer issues and improve
application usability 
Ops and Compliance - Maintain up-to-date knowledge of industry trends,
regulatory environments and emerging technologies
A sense of Humor and Compassion – Amid all these buzzwords, we tend
to forget what we as social beings strive for; to be recognized and provide
a sense of ownership and allay the fears of making mistakes. As a servant
leader, a passionate and empowered team brings cheer, no matter what the
season.
Head of Servicing & Collections
October 2019 - June 2023 (3 years 9 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
LendingUSA is a technology-driven financing solution that gives merchants
the power to offer affordable financing to their customers - right at the point
of sale. LendingUSA was recognized as the #1 “Emerging Lending Platform
of the Year” of 2018 at Lendit for the company with the "greatest potential to
impact the future of online lending."
As the head of Servicing & Collections, my focus has been to lead high-
performing customer service and collections team, leveraging the power of
technology. Have valuable insights into risk-driven decisioning at origination,
post funding data-driven analytics becomes much more pertinent. My role
involves strategic decision making related to every customer interaction
throughout their lifecycle, introducing products and tools suitable to handle
 
Page 3 of 9
 
 
lifestyles and credit situations. The ultimate goal being to help the company
continue to evolve its business with the customer at the center of every
interaction.
TransUnion
Board Member - Financial Services Technology Advisory
June 2022 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Greater Chicago Area
Collaborate with Industry peers and TransUnion's leadership to share insights
and opportunities around the financial sector, emerging disruptors, challenges
and best practices.
ServicingUSA
Head of Servicing & Collections
March 2020 - June 2023 (3 years 4 months)
Los Angeles Metropolitan Area
LendFoundry
Chief Technology Officer and Co-Founder
December 2013 - October 2016 (2 years 11 months)
As a technology and Marketplace lending domain leader within the
organization, my responsibility has been to identify complex business
and technology problems and transform them to be enablers for the new
generation marketplace and traditional lenders. 
From a strategic standpoint, leveraging the strength of Microservices as a way
of designing software as suites of independently deployable services has been
paramount to the overall strategy. My focus also has been to empower and
nurture cross-functional teams for rapid provisioning, monitoring, application
development, adopt cloud scale design patterns, cultivate a solid DevOps
culture and nurture a culture which embraces change and consciously adopts
it. 
So, what is the cure to Insomnia? Get comfortable with
- .NET Core
- NodeJS
- MongoDB
- Cloud Design Patterns
- Mesosphere
- Domain Driven Design 
 
Page 4 of 9
 
 
- Microservices and related WebAPI
- Docker
- Javascript
- Angular
- React
- Polymer
- Rancher
- AWS Lambda
- Python
- Test Automation
If you are not asleep yet, try the following
- Risk-based lending platform development
- Identity Management
- Device and Digital Identity
- Fraud Identification and Prevention
- Threat Detection
- Authentication
- Risk-based pricing, Rules and decisioning Engine
- Document Management
- ACH Processing
- Loan Servicing
- Collections Management
And here comes the dose to ensure that you are fully asleep
- Nurture and build a cohesive leadership team
- Create and reinforce clarity 
- Communicate with team and set expectations
- Empower, equip, RINSE and REPEAT
So, what is leadership overall:
Leadership is a process of interactive influence which maximizes the efforts of
others toward the achievement of a greater good for the organization.
Sigma Infosolutions
12 years 6 months
Sr. Vice President - Client Services
October 2014 - September 2016 (2 years)
Irvine, CA
 
Page 5 of 9
 
 
Sigma Infosolutions is a recognized leader in delivering proven business
and IT solutions for SMB's and large organizations. We leverage decades of
business process, vertical industry, and leading-edge technology experience
to understand each organizations unique needs. From business strategy
development through application deployment, we are committed to helping
clients quickly realize measurable business value and achieve sustainable
ROI.
- Lead and manage industry practitioners in FinTech, Insurance, Mobility, Real
Estate & Internet Retail by providing strategic direction and fostering cross
team collaboration.
- Develop a shared vision, know when and how to put together teams to solve
problems.
- Select and empower team members and individual assignments and
influence others at all levels of the organization.
- Identify Alliance relationships and leverage them for client success
- Encourage high standards of performance and inspire teams to define new
opportunities and continuously improve the organization
Director and Co-Founder
April 2004 - September 2014 (10 years 6 months)
Irvine, CA
Sigma Infosolutions is a global IT & Product Engineering services company.
Sigma Infosolutions specializes in the execution of strategic initiatives for
business leaders. We represent an organization dedicated towards providing
intelligent and reliable IT solutions for all your growing business needs. Sigma
Infosolutions is headquartered in Irvine, CA has operations in India as well.
The India Development Center is located in Bangalore and Ahmedabad. The
company is expanding its network in other cities across India. We are an ISO
9001: 2008 & ISO 27001: 2005 certified company. 
Our expertise is in understanding vague requirements of businesses &
transforming them into ROI based software solutions. Customization of
solutions to meet individual business needs has been our biggest strength and
most important reason for success. We provide a range of execution-oriented
services to a diversified, global client base in a variety of industries.
Canon Information & Imaging Solutions
Sr. Lead Engineer
March 2001 - August 2013 (12 years 6 months)
Irvine, CA
 
Page 6 of 9
 
 
- Research new technologies, prototyping
- Innovation and Engineering Development
- New Product Development 
- Link technologies to add value to business
Technologies
Programming: C, C++, Microsoft .NET (C# and ASP.net), Java, Grails, PHP,
Python, Ruby on Rails (RoR), Node.js
Databases: SQL Server, NoSQL (MongoDB, CouchDB, Cassandra, Hbase,
Neo4j), MySQL
Frameworks: WCF, WPF, Zend, MapReduce, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS,
Kendo UI
Web Services: REST, SOAP
Platforms: Windows, Linux, Clusters, Mobile (Android and iOS)
Others: Machine Learning, Computer Vision (OpenCV, OpenCL), Hadoop,
GridGain, Cluster Computing, GPGPU Programming (CUDA, OpenGL,
DirectX)
Infosys
Sr. Systems Analyst
February 1998 - February 2001 (3 years 1 month)
Bengaluru Area, India
As a part of the Infosys Banking Group (EdgeVerve - Finacle) drove innovation
which is powering 16.5 % of world’s banked population. The Finacle Banking
Solution suite has been rated the industry leader by independent analysts
for several years now. The solution suite comprises a comprehensive set
of solutions to address a range of requirements for digital age retail banks.
You can choose one or any combination of these componentized solutions to
power your bank’s digital transformation at your own pace.
Finacle is used by banks across 84 countries that serve over 450 million
customers.
Some of the functional areas that were developed are:
- Core Banking
- Online Banking
- Mobile Banking
- Digital Wallet
- Analytics
 
Page 7 of 9
 
 
- Treasury
- Payments 
- Loan Origination & Servicing
- CRM 
Roles Included
- Software Design & Architecture
- Software Development
- Requirement Analysis
- Project Lead and Management
Finacle was identified as a long term leader by Forrester for offering
comprehensive banking functionalities. 
Finacle from Infosys was positioned as the leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant
for International Retail Core Banking.
IDC Financial Insights released in its new IDC MarketScape report, and noted
Infosys-Finacle as a "leader". The solution is considered to exhibit high levels
of strategic vision, demonstrable an ability to deliver functionality and support
to their clients. 
Finacle Mobile Banking and e-Banking solutions were rated as ‘Best-in-Class’
for security and authentication capabilities and enterprise support, in a report
published by CEB TowerGroup analysts
Finacle was recognized as a leader among Omnichannel Banking Solutions.
Reliance Industries
Assistant Manager
August 1996 - February 1998 (1 year 7 months)
Instrumentation and Controls, Software Control Systems, Distributed Control
System, Project Planning and Co-ordination
Education
Indian Institute Of Information Technology Allahabad 
MBA, Information Technology · (1998 - 2000)
Doctor Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University
 
Page 8 of 9
 
 
BS, Electronics · (1992 - 1996)
 
Page 9 of 9
