 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mikehan23
(LinkedIn)
zocial.io (Company)
Top Skills
Blockchain
Software Development
Information Security
Michael Han
CTO & Co-Founder at Zocial
United States
Summary
I have over 20 years of experience developing software applications,
including architecting and commercializing Blockchain solutions.
I have had the role of CTO, senior or lead engineer on multiple
projects, including first-generation enterprise applications and
platform development.  I have a passion for innovation, solving
complex problems and building world-class software products.
Experience
Zocial
CTO
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
As the CTO and co-founder, I am responsible for the design, architecture,
and development of the blockchain, fintech, and cryptocurrency platform.
Responsibilities include:
* Led software development team in building digital cryptocurrency wallet,
Fintech platform, smart contracts, and DApps.
* Work experience in blockchain platforms including Hyperledger, Ethereum,
Ripple, Stellar, and Corda.
* Defined Ethereum specs for ledger, consensus methods (PoW, PoS, etc.),
data security, decentralized architecture, and ERC20 tokens for Ethereum
Virtual Machine.
* Worked on cryptography, including asymmetric (public and private key),
symmetric, hash functions, and encryption/signatures.
* Wrote, revised, and reviewed Solidity codes for Smart Contracts.
* Built and maintained Linux network infrastructure and managed both the front
and back ends of the Fintech platform.
* Demoed Fintech products, helped raised funds, and interfaced with investors.
First Management
Chief Technologist
August 2002 - December 2019 (17 years 5 months)
San Jose, CA
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
As the Chief Technologist, I was in charge of information technology strategy
and implementation, including blockchain, IoT, and AI technologies.  I did
research on DLT (Distributed Ledger Technology), developed and tested pilots
and Proof of Concepts using blockchain technology, worked with distributed
databases, and had hands-on experience with Open Source technologies.
In addition to overseeing the hardware, software and data that help all
departments to perform their jobs effectively.  I also research new technologies
and strategize how they can provide business values and address the risks
associated with digital information. 
* Set up mining rig with GPU cards to mine Bitcoins and other
cryptocurrencies.
* Set objectives and strategies for the information technology for the company
* Select and implement suitable technology to streamline all internal operations
and help optimize their strategic benefits
* Design and customize technological systems and platforms to improve the
entire company experience
* Plan the implementation of new systems and provide guidance to IT
professionals and other staff within the organization
* Approve purchases of technological equipment and software and establish
partnerships with IT providers
* Oversee the technological infrastructure (networks and computer systems) in
the organization to ensure optimal performance
* Direct and organize IT-related projects
* Monitor changes and advancements in technology to discover ways the
company can gain competitive advantage
* Analyze the costs, values and risks of information technology to advise
management and suggest actions
Golinq, Inc
CTO
June 1999 - May 2002 (3 years)
San Jose, CA
BrightStreet, Inc
Senior Software Engineer Project Lead
February 1998 - April 1999 (1 year 3 months)
Aerojet, Inc
Software Engineer
May 1996 - December 1997 (1 year 8 months)
Folsom, CA
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
 
Page 3 of 3
