 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mikronenberg
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Cloud Computing
Security
SaaS
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
French (Native or Bilingual)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Patents
Device for accessing modified files
File origin determination
Device for accessing compressed
files
Mike Kronenberg
Chief Technology Officer
Houston, Texas, United States
Summary
Business focused Technology Executive, recognized for building
and motivating global teams, delivering award winning products,
exceeding operational metrics, and creating world class services.
• Offering complementing strengths in product strategy, innovation,
and execution.
• Natural leadership with deep IT Management, Cybersecurity,
IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and SaaS expertise,
thriving in driving projects, budgets, managing and optimizing
teams, developing advanced solutions, defining business strategies,
identifying acquisition targets, and integrating cross-location
organizations pre and post Merger & Acquisitions.
• Board, Venture Capital and Private Equity experience, motivated by
consistently delivering solutions which boost revenue growth, while
driving highly strategic business initiatives to support corporate goals
and shareholder value.
• 20+ years of experience leading engineering organizations, from
small startups to large corporations with broad product and service
portfolios, and geographically distributed teams.
• Instrumental in driving value when divesting assets and corporate
acquisitions/exits.
Experience
THIScar
Chief Technology Officer
December 2021 - Present (2 years 4 months)
THIScar.com is the next generation large-scale retailing marketplace that
allows dealers to sell vehicles farther, faster and more profitably.  The platform
and technology leverages dynamic logistics to provide a fast and easy
"Amazon-like" car-buying experience, allowing buying, selling or trading
vehicles nationwide without the traditional physical limitations and time
consuming tediousness of traditional sales models. 
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
The THISCar.com marketplace benefits consumers, dealers, and the auto
industry at large by eliminating multiple touchpoints and massive financial
waste necessary to support traditional dealership infrastructures.   Our
consumer-first approach combined with intelligent data analytics allows us to
attract, engage and convert automotive shoppers faster, more affordably, and
more frequently.
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Member of the Industrial Advisory Board
2021 - Present (3 years)
Industrial Advisory Board
SRI International
Executive In Residence
June 2021 - May 2022 (1 year)
Stanford Research -  Menlo Park, California, United States
Working on the intersection of AI, cybersecurity and IT Management, building
go to market strategies as well as commercialization of AI/ML technologies.
Derive Systems 
Chief Technology Officer
February 2020 - August 2021 (1 year 7 months)
Derive Systems is a leading automotive technology provider, with over 2
million vehicles managed by its solutions. Derive connects vehicles to the
digital world, enabling individuals and fleets to control their vehicles while
optimizing the way they operate. The Derive Systems platform integrates with
each vehicle's control systems, as well as third party services, applications,
and data to conform specifically to unique requirements, preferences, and
conditions.
Affinitiv Inc
Chief Technology Officer
2017 - 2020 (3 years)
Affinitiv develops and offers advanced SaaS solutions which are transforming
automotive tech. The company is the largest provider of data-driven marketing
& software technology focused on the automotive customer lifecycle.  Our
800+ employees and organization work on best-in-class solutions for major
manufacturers, including BMW, Porsche, Lexus, Maserati, Rolls Royce, Fiat-
Chrysler, General Motors, Mercedes, Hyundai, Toyota, Kia and Subaru as well
as today's leading-edge automotive groups and dealerships.
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
SolarWinds
Chief Technology Officer at LogicNow, acquired by SolarWinds
2014 - 2016 (2 years)
LogicNow, formerly part of GFI Software and now an integral part of
SolarWinds, delivers the only 100% SaaS, fully cloud-based IT service
management (ITSM) platform, backed by collective intelligence and the
highest levels of layered security. LogicNow’s MAX products offer Managed
Service Providers (MSPs) Endpoint Security Solutions, Risk Intelligence,
Remote Management, Backup & Disaster Recovery, Mail and Service Desk –
which combined comprise the market’s most widely-trusted integrated solution.
Deployed on over two million endpoints across 240,000 networks, the platform
has the industry vision to define and deliver the future of the market. LogicNow
provides the most comprehensive IT security available as well as LOGICcards,
the first ever IT notification feature powered by prescriptive analytics and
machine learning.
GFI Software
Chief Technology Officer
January 2012 - October 2014 (2 years 10 months)
GFI is a leading software solution provider, which offers broad and global IT
solutions to over 200,000 companies worldwide.  The IT managed product line
includes endpoint/cyber security solutions, network management, anti-spam,
patch management, mail archiving, web monitoring, enterprise backup and
business continuity solutions, remote access, collaboration, and messaging.
GFI, backed by Insight Venture Partners, followed an aggressive growth
strategy and maintained a 100% growth record, achieved both organically
and through a series of five acquisitions.  The company had offices in the
United States, UK, Germany, Austria, Holland, Romania, Malta, Albania,
and Australia before its business units were individually acquired by Private
Equity, Venture Capital firms and strategic partners (TeamViewer acquired by
Permira, LogicNow acquired by Solarwinds, GFI Security Solutions, becoming
ThreatTrack Security and acquired by J2 Global)
Webroot Software
Chief Technology Officer
2008 - 2011 (3 years)
Webroot delivers next-generation endpoint security and threat intelligence
services to protect businesses and individuals around the globe.  Webroot's
smarter approach harnesses the power of cloud-based collective threat
intelligence derived from millions of real-world devices to stop threats in real
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
time and help secure the connected world. The company's award-winning
SecureAnywhere endpoint solutions and BrightCloud Threat Intelligence
Services protect tens of millions of devices across businesses, home
users, and the Internet of Things. Trusted and integrated by market-leading
companies, including Cisco, F5 Networks, Aruba, Palo Alto Networks, A10
Networks, and more, Webroot is headquartered in Colorado and operates
globally across North America, Europe, and Asia.
Webroot was acquired by Carbonite/OpenText in 2019.
Symantec
Chief Technology Officer at PC Tools, Division of Symantec
2007 - 2008 (1 year)
Symantec PC Tools division develops, publishes, and supports advanced
security and system software. Its offerings include spyware protection,
threat tracking, protection against malicious virus infections and privacy
solutions. The company serves individual users, corporations, and government
agencies. 
The company was acquired by Symantec in 2008.
Novatix Corporation
Chief Executive Officer
2002 - 2007 (5 years)
Novatix Corporation develops leading edge behavior based zero-day security
solutions that protect endpoints and networks against the outbreak of known
and unknown malware and attacks. The intrusion detection software can
detect attempts to exploit new and unforeseen vulnerabilities, and contribute
to the automatic discovery and remediation of these new attacks.  Detect &
Prevent, Analyze & Respond.
The company was acquired by PC Tools in 2007.  Subsequently, PC Tools
and the Novatix technology were acquired by Symantec in 2008.
Kroll Ontrack
Chief Technology Officer
1999 - 2002 (3 years)
Kroll Ontrack. provides software and service solutions that help customers
manage, recover, and discover their valuable data. Using its proprietary tools
and techniques, the company can recover lost or corrupted data from various
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
operating systems and types of storage devices, through its do-it-yourself,
remote, and in-lab capabilities. Its Ontrack® and DataTrail™ electronic
discovery solutions help companies, law firms, and federal agencies recover
electronic information for use in investigations, litigation, and other legal
matters. ONTRACK also offers PC utility software programs that help prevent
critical data loss through problem solving, file management, and productivity
utilities. 
As of June 13, 2002, Kroll Ontrack, Inc. is a subsidiary of Marsh Kroll
Mijenix Corporation
Chief Technology Officer
1993 - 1999 (6 years)
Mijenix Corporation offers advanced security software, storage management,
and system optimization solutions targeting individuals, corporations and
government agencies.  Its offerings are distributed through retail channels
and distributors in the US, Europe and Japan.  The company’s products
have received market and industry recognitions, including 3 consecutive PC
Magazine Editors Choice, 4 PC World awards as well as Best of COMDEX in
1999.  
Mijenix Corporation was the 118th fastest growing US technology company
in 1999 (Deloitte & Touche Fast 500) when it was acquired by Ontrack Data
International, now part of Marsh & McLennan (NYSE:MMC).
Education
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Master's Degree, PhD - ABD  · (1990 - 1994)
Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
Master’s Degree  · (1981 - 1986)
 
Page 5 of 5
