 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/kujbor
(LinkedIn)
kujbor.ru (Personal)
hh.ru/resume/
f9e8f9e6ff017ab5e40039ed1f416259633345
(Portfolio)
Top Skills
Crypto
Blockchain
Web3
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Russian (Native or Bilingual)
Oleg Taranov
Chief Technology Officer
New York, New York, United States
Summary
Experienced Development Leader with over 10 years of experience
in banking, cryptocurrency and e-commerce, incl. top Tier 1 IT
companies.
Skilled in full stack and cross platform development: JavaScript,
TypeScript, Node, React/Redux, Next, Express, Microservices,
Kubernetes, Web3, DeFi, Cordova, Capacitor, CI/CD, Test
Automation and Agile Methodologies.
Strong professional with a Specialist degree (between bachelor and
master) focused in Informatics and higher mathematics from Moscow
Pedagogical University (MGPU).
My "killer feature" is a lot of experience working in large corporations
with a very relevant and winning strategy for promoting products
through extensive ecosystems and superapplications.
My experience will be very useful where a lot of products merge
into an ecosystem or are already an ecosystem and are subject to
intense load growth, and you need to quickly and reliably transform,
significantly improve or create from scratch an architecture
and strategy for developing a superapplication or an extensive
ecosystem of products.
Well, or where it comes to banking, traditional or decentralized
finance (crypto) and marketplaces... Or you want to set up a quick
launch of experiments – I'm also good at doing that.
Generally speaking, I can do a lot of things and I will be happy to
apply it where it will bring a lot of value to someone.
Experience
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Oone.World
Chief Technology Officer
March 2023 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
LATOKEN
Head of Development
May 2022 - April 2023 (1 year)
Cayman Islands
I was a Head of Development CeFi, DeFi and CeDeFi products: web and
mobile centralized exchange, web and mobile decentralized finance wallets
with unique chain-agnostic features (cross-chain staking for example) and
CeDeFi features of web end mobile CEX apps.
Initially, I joined the company as a DeFi (Web3) Team Lead, but later, thanks
to the successful launch of a number of projects, I headed the entire DeFi unit.
Later I took an active part in the company-wide transformation: from product
teams to development-as-a-service to cut management layers and costs in
half. As a result of success completion, now I lead this new megaunit.
Working for the company, every day allows me to make sure that in any
circumstances you can create a worthy products that you can be proud of.
Сейлз-хаус «Газпром-Медиа»
Head of Development
October 2020 - November 2021 (1 year 2 months)
Moscow City, Russia
My job was to build the best fullstack development team and set up processes
of hiring, management, development, testing and deploying the web-version
and internal products for a new vertical video social network Yappy (like
TikTok).
My team has successfully created Video Moderation System, Video Content
Management System, Internal User Workspace and many other helpful
products.
The project was presented as the holder of several cases at the country's
largest hackathon "Digital Breakthrough" in 2020, broadcast on central
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
television. I was a judge and technical expert for this prestigious federal
competition.
I am especially proud of the team that I managed to put together.
Yandex.Market
Lead Frontend Developer
March 2020 - September 2020 (7 months)
Moscow, Moscow City, Russia
Yandex.Market is the largest marketplace in the country from Tier 1 IT
company Yandex.
The goal of the project was to transfer the purchase and delivery functions
from Beru.ru to Yandex.Market, which was done.
I only participated as the lead developer of the project, but I got good
experience in the top IT company in the country, learned the processes and
good practices.
BCS Bank
Development Team Lead
March 2017 - February 2020 (3 years)
Moscow, Russian Federation
The goal of the project was to create a mobile and Internet bank for small
businesses from scratch – Sfera.
I hired a team of 12 front-end and mobile developers, and this team in one
year we have successfully created one of the most functional banks in the
country, which has received more than one award at competitions and good
places in prestigious ratings.
Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation
Development Team Lead
June 2016 - March 2017 (10 months)
I led the development team of mobile and web applications for corporate
clients of the bank.
The team was quite large (27 people) and had serious performance problems
due to the disruption of communications between its members.
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
I fixed the communications issues and cut team in half, resulting in a threefold
increase in productivity.
FOOD Gate
Lead Web Frontend Developer
August 2013 - June 2016 (2 years 11 months)
I developed from scratch the Frontend part of an innovative international food
wholesale platform. The platform allowed to find partners and make deals with
them.
The system has been integrated with many partners, including the global non-
profit organization for standardization GS1. The platform made it possible to
find partners and conclude deals with them.
The project was very promising and was even presented at the state level
by the first persons of the country during the Expert Dialogue of the BRICS
countries on e-commerce and the Global GS1 International Forum and others,
in which I participated as an industry expert.
But, unfortunately, the project did not reach traction and eventually closed.
Shopozz
Full Stack Web Developer
August 2012 - August 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Samara, Russian Federation
Intermediary service for the delivery of goods from online stores and auctions
around the world with transit warehouses in five different countries.
This project was interesting because it was a start-up of three students, which
suddenly turned out to be very popular and expanded on the run following the
growth in demand for its services.
It was very interesting to participate in the development and observe from the
inside how a young company solves the issues of startup growth.
The growth was not endless, and the service did not receive worldwide
recognition, but it turned out to be quite profitable and exists to this day.
Education
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Moscow City Teachers’ Training University (MGPU)
Specialist (between Bachelor and Master), Informatics and higher
mathematics · (September 2004 - June 2009)
 
Page 5 of 5
