 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/prdn
(LinkedIn)
ardoino.com (Blog)
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Italian (Native or Bilingual)
Paolo A.
Chief Technology Officer at Tether and Bitfinex
United Kingdom
Summary
My greatest passion is pushing the boundaries of what’s possible
with technology. 
I became fascinated with coding when I was 8 years old and ever
since, my favorite thing to do has been experimenting with how new
technologies can be harnessed to solve some of the world's most
pressing problems.
My curiosity has led me to become a versatile builder with
a profound understanding of programming languages and
technologies, algorithms and its applications across diverse
domains, parallel and distributed computing and trading systems. 
For me, coding is unlike any other form of expression. It liberates the
human imagination and enables us with the ability to build entirely
new worlds with endless possibilities. This has led me to explore how
the fields of communication, finance, cryptography and AI can be
leveraged to engineer innovative and resilient infrastructure that can
power the economies of tomorrow. As a lifelong builder, I am always
looking to connect with people who have world changing ideas.
My tech philosophy is rooted in the cypherpunk and open-source
movements.
I am highly skilled in a variety of programming languages and
technologies, including C, Javascript, Node.js, GoLang, C++, C#,
Java, P2P, DHT, Hypercore, Message Queues (ZeroMQ, ...), Linux
(Kernel and User-space develpment), Databases (MongoDB,
SQL, Redis, ...), Artificial Intelligence (machine learning, neural
networks and LLMs), blockchain develpment (Bitcoin, consensus
mechanisms, ...).
My expertise also extends to networking stack, TCP/IP standard
applications, and custom protocol implementations, as well
as parallel and distributed computing. I prioritize scalability,
 
Page 1 of 8
 
 
reliability, and high-availability in all my projects, and I have a
deep understanding of the tech behind the financial sector, with
experience in FIX protocol, Trading Systems development, Order
Management Systems, Investment Management, and back-office
software.
As a longtime Linux fan and user since 1995, I have a background
as a Unix and network administrator, with extensive experience as a
Linux Kernel hacker and security expert.
Experience
Tether.to
Chief Technology Officer
December 2017 - Present (6 years 4 months)
P2P
Tether ( https://tether.to ) is the company that invented the concept of
stablecoins, back in 2014.
A stablecoin is a Cryptocurrency, pegged to the price of a national currency or
a commodity.
As Chief Technology Officer at Tether, I lead the development and security
teams for the company behind the world's largest stablecoin, USDt, which
currently has ~82 billion dollars in assets under management, and our other
stablecoin products such as Tether Gold XAUt, which is a stablecoin pegged
to physical gold. With our stablecoin products being mainly blockchain and
cryptography based, a key part of my role is to ensure the quality, security,
stability, and robustness of the different integrations and solutions, which are
currently available across 14 different blockchains.
In addition to my technical responsibilities, I co-lead the strategy for Tether,
focusing on global expansion, investments, and creating new business lines.
One of my most exciting projects has been co-founding Holepunch, a peer-to-
peer, fully encrypted, unstoppable communication layer that has developed
open-source libraries and components for building applications without any
centralized infrastructure or point of failure. Holepunch's first product, Keet, is a
P2P text, voice, and video chat. As the public face of Tether, I am proud to be
a part of an innovative and forward-thinking team that is shaping the future of
finance and communication
 
Page 2 of 8
 
 
Useful Links:
Info about Tether:  https://tether.to
Info about Tether Gold: https://gold.tether.to
Info about Tether’s Transparency: https://tether.to/en/transparency
Info about Holepunch: https://holepunch.to
Info about Keet: https://keet.io
Bitfinex
9 years 6 months
Chief Technology Officer
March 2015 - Present (9 years 1 month)
P2P
Bitfinex is the world’s leading digital asset trading platform. Established in
2012, it is one of the original Bitcoin exchanges, and today lists over 200
different cryptocurrencies.
We are committed to take the ethos of Bitcoin as a decentralised, immutable
financial system, to deliver financial freedom to communities, cities and
countries around the world.
As Chief Technology Officer, I lead the development of the Bitfinex platform,
and ensure its ability to withstand all market conditions, so that we can meet
the needs of our customers day and night.
Every day presents new and captivating technological challenges that are
diverse, intricate, and ever stimulating. My role encompasses the management
of our technology development team, the evaluation of cutting-edge
technologies and the design and development of our backend infrastructure,
to ensure scalability, high availability, fault tolerance, and high performance.
I am also our Lead Backend Developer and am responsible for coding our
renowned Bitfinex matching engine.
As a true believer in the Bitcoin ethos and the transformative power of
blockchain, I also lead the development of the Bitfinex product strategy.
Collaborating with an exceptional team, we craft products that not only cater to
the needs of traders and wider retail investors, but also those which promote
greater decentralization and financial sovereignty.
 
Page 3 of 8
 
 
To learn more about the ethos and vision that drives Bitfinex forward, please
read the Bitfinex Manifesto, which encapsulates our core principles and
beliefs, and our commitment to harnessing Bitcoin and blockchain technology
to bring freedom to everyone. You can explore our Manifesto at: https://
www.bitfinex.com/manifesto/
Senior Software Developer
October 2014 - February 2015 (5 months)
London, United Kingdom
Tasks: trading engine development, platform scalability and high-availability.
Throughout my first period with Bitfinex my primary duties were to consult,
plan and re-design the backend with a focus on scalability, atomicity and high-
availability. Migrating from a monolithic structure to a distributed/microservices
design required months (years) of work. 
Additionally I was leading the evaluation and integration with the Alphapoint
trading engine; the conclusive decision was to develop and invest to improve
our own trading engine.
Technologies: 
- C
- C++
- Node.js
- ZeroMQ
- Redis
- Ruby (and RoR)
Holepunch
Chief Strategy Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Holepunch is a platform for creating apps that don’t use any servers
whatsoever. No arbitrary limits just better apps that can be shipped instantly,
directly to your users.
Holepunch provides a collection of *small Javascript modules* that can
be combined to create an unlimited variety of P2P apps, from VPNs to
communications tools like Keet. Mix and match them how you like. Since it's all
just Javascript, developing a Holepunch app is as easy as building a web app.
 
Page 4 of 8
 
 
Holepunch helps you distribute your app to any user, on any platform, without
needing to deal with ops. You can release, update, and scale an app directly
from the laptop you developed it on. App updates are fast and efficient―users
only download the parts of your app that have changed since the previous
update.
Keet is the first app released by Holepunch, demonstrating the power of this
technology.
Keet is a Peer-to-peer Video & text chat. Private & encrypted. It only shares
end-to-end encrypted data between the participants in every call. Without
middlemen, third-parties, or servers, there’s nobody left who can snoop on
calls, leak or collect data.
Keet video calls operate over direct connections between you, your friends or
colleagues, without using servers that can throttle your performance. You'll
notice the difference immediately.
When you share a file in Keet, you don’t have to wait for it to upload. Other
peers can immediately download it straight from the source. Megabytes,
gigabytes, or terabytes. No limits.
Keet has Bitcoin Lightning and USDt micropayments built-in.
Useful Links:
Info about Holepunch: https://holepunch.to
Info about Keet: https://keet.io
Fincluster
Partner
2012 - 2015 (3 years)
London, United Kingdom
Backed by two financing investment rounds, Fincluster delivered an
advanced, modern and accessible web platform serving different clients with
customisation capabilities. 
Fincluster developed a comprehensive, cloud-based financial application for
Independent Advisors, Fund Managers and Institutions and served numerous
small and medium sized companies throughout London, Milan and Lugano.
Platform's main features were: historical portfolio tracking with (financial)
performance analysis, financial CRM, order and trade management system,
 
Page 5 of 8
 
 
asset management system, custom automated reporting. All the features were
available for both browsers and mobile devices.
My role as CTO of Fincluster focused around managing the dev team, creating
the backend core and the financial performance calculation libraries and
monitor the security and scalability of the infrastructure. I increased my
financial development background: programming trading integrations (via
FIX and other protocols) with different prime brokers to let our customers
to trade from our platform (funds, options, equities, bonds, FX, ...); financial
applied algorithms/procedures (Modified Diez, IR, VaR, MonteCarlo VaR, ...);
Bloomberg™ integration for TSOX and VCON; OTC basics.
Technologies: 
- AngularJS for the frontend
- Node.js and C++ for backend programming
- PostgreSQL as application's database
- Redis for Caching
Frame Asset Management
Senior full-stack developer for Swiss based Asset Manager
2010 - 2012 (2 years)
At Frame Asset Management I was the lead developer tasked with building an
accounting and trade management/reconciliation system. 
My experience with Frame Asset Management definitively sparked my interest
in FinTech and financial applications development.
Technologies: 
- Ext.js for frontend
- PHP for backend programming 
- MySQL as application's database
Università degli Studi di Genova
2 years
Researcher/Developer for Selex Communications in a Military project
2008 - 2010 (2 years)
Genoa Area, Italy
Throughout this role I refined my High-Availability, Fault-Tolerant and
Distributed Systems knowledge and I experimented extensively with
Cryptography.
 
Page 6 of 8
 
 
Technologies: Linux Kernel, Cryptographic Algorithms, CPU programming,
Networking Algorithms (STP, RSTP, RSTPoR) and Protocols at Linux Kernel
level.
Setup of Marvell DB-DX24GE-4xG Evaluation Board, Armv5t model, Prestera
dx255
Operating System: GNU/Linux (ARM)
Marvell CPSS (Core Prestera Software Suite) development and deep
analysis. 
- Cpss development with api
- Low level board configuration, three phases initialisation
- Kernel configuration
- Multicast routing over cpss
- Galtis evaluation and development
- Ipv4 and ipv6 routing unicast / multicast
- Ingress / egress policy engine (pcl)
- Firewall configuration via cpss : TX and RX policies and routes
- Low level and cpss event handling
- VLAN configuration
- TCAM overview
Researcher at DISI (Departement of Computer Science) for ACIS
September 2009 - November 2009 (3 months)
Genoa Area, Italy
Focused on the development of a Java framework and simulator for packet
routing on vehicular networks using Open Street Map as maps (graphs)
source.
Involutive snc
Co-Founder
January 2007 - April 2009 (2 years 4 months)
Genoa Area, Italy
Involutive was my first company, which was founded as a collaboration with 2
friends at the  Department of Computer Science in Genoa.
Our focus was on web design and web site development for bigger agencies
in Genoa area. Projects were mostly developed using Wordpress and Joomla!
and worked to improve my background in plugin and component building for
those platforms.
 
Page 7 of 8
 
 
At Involutive I designed and developed first releases of the online MMORPG
called WarWide, a 'Risk!' like war game featuring real-time multiplayer
interactions, evolution and strategies. WarWide was my first big project
and a very challenging experience supported by a community that reached
thousands of players in a few months. 
The backend core was developed on the top of PHP and MySQL, enhancing
my knowledge in complexity management, scalability, concurrency and high
performance applications. The frontend was built entirely using html, javascript
and ajax (for client-server communications).
In 2010, WarWide changed owners due to my involvement in more complex
projects.
Freelance Consultant
Security, Software and Web Developer, Distributed Systems Architect
2003 - 2008 (5 years)
Primary areas of focus: 
- Penetration testing
- Security in Unix/Linux infrastructures
- Development of scalable platforms
- Performance analysis
- Optimisations and parallelisation (when possible) of real-time algorithms and
processes
- Full-stack web development
Education
Università degli Studi di Genova
Bachelor of Computer Science, Computer Science · (2003 - 2008)
Liceo Scientifico
Bachelor of Science (BS)  · (1998 - 2003)
 
Page 8 of 8
