 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/parimala-rao-
a978135 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Cloud Computing
Cross-functional Team Leadership
Program Management
Certifications
Stanford Certified Project Manager
[SCPM]
MIT Certified Advanced Data
Science & Machine Learning
Professional [MCDS]
Stanford Certified Advanced
Cybersecurity Professional [SCCP]
Tech Executive Leadership Initiative
Graduate [TELI]
Honors-Awards
Tech Executive Leadership Initiative
[TELI]
Technologist of the year for building
Cybersecurity department, Big
Data Analytics department and for
establishing Cloud Services
Publisher Award for driving
Innovation in Technology at The
New York Times
Award of Appreciation for revenue
generation in strategic areas
Silver Plaque for successfully rolling
Office 365 @ Microsoft
Parimala Rao
Deputy Chief Information Security Officer | US Federal Government
United States
Summary
~ Recipient of the ATARC GITEC Emerging Technology Award to
GSA IT for Excellence in Cybersecurity
~ Recipient of Best Technology Modernization Award for delivering
modernized technology products for GSA / GSA IT customers
~Stanford Certified Advanced Cybersecurity Professional  
~MIT Certified Advanced Data Science and Machine Learning
Professional  
~Masters in Computer Science, Software Engineering
~Official TELI Leader (Tech Executive Leadership Initiative): https://
www.aspentechpolicyhub.org/team/parimala-rao/  
As a thought leader, I am focused on converting innovation into
reality by driving cybersecurity/ technology/ product /engineering
efforts and energizing teams and organizations into realizing their
true technical potential. I have built & shipped large scale enterprise
applications, supported vendor/partner management, handled
mergers/ acquisitions, built massive big data warehouses bottoms
up and have grown solutions from inception to rolling them out to
billions of users all across the world. I have focused on building
and enhancing Cyber Security and Information Security bottoms
up for organizations, helping companies protect their core systems,
applications and highly confidential data/assets.  I've also setup Big
Data Analytics bottoms up for organizations to enable learning from
data and it's insights.
I put my genius into my life, I put my talent into my work. I believe in
my people, as an organization is only as good as its people.
Specialties: 
Cyber Security, Information Security, Big Data Analytics and Data
Science, Software Development, Engineering, Product, Digital
Customer Experience (DCX), Information Technology, Monetization,
Search, Advertising, Social, Web, Mobile, Media, Enterprise, Data
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Warehouse, Cloud Platform, Big Data, CRM, Leadership, Portfolio
Management, People Management, Technology Management,
Mergers & Acquisitions, Mentoring, Events, Grouplets, Building
Teams & Thought Leadership.
Experience
GSA
Deputy Chief Information Security Officer
2023 - Present (1 year)
At GSA, our vision is to build an effective and efficient government for the
American people. Our values are focused on Service, Accountability and
Innovation.  As the Deputy Chief Information Security Officer, I am focused on
serving the government and the American people.
VigiTrust
Global Advisory Board Member & Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
2021 - 2023 (2 years)
Founded in 2011, the Board brings together 200+ CEOs, CxOs, board
members, regulators, enforcement bodies, researchers, and other key
stakeholders in the technology, security & compliance industries, focused
on innovation, frameworks, technology solutions, data science & machine
learning, cybersecurity, upcoming laws and standards, case studies, and
research work.
uShip
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
2020 - 2021 (1 year)
As their Chief Technology Officer (CTO), led Engineering, Product & Program,
Design & Data (EPD) with a Security first approach for uShip, the online
marketplace for shipping services.
Sparkfund
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
2018 - 2020 (2 years)
As their Chief Technology Offier (CTO), led the Sparkfund Internet-of-Things
(IoT) platform with a Security first approach, designed towards achieving
Energy Sustainability goals for businesses, around an as-a-service model
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
supporting Software & Data Services, Financing Services, Energy Asset
Services, and Grid Services.
SL Green Realty Corp.
Senior Vice President Of Technology
2015 - 2018 (3 years)
New York
As their Senior Vice President of Technology, drove Technology, Product,
Cybersecurity and Data Science & Machine Learning for the largest fully
integrated REIT in New York City.
The New York Times
Executive Director of Technology
2013 - 2015 (2 years)
New York
As The New York Times Executive Director of Technology drove the re-design
of www.nytimes.com, while building new products and services. Winner of the
Publisher Award for driving Innovation in Technology.
Telenav
Director of Engineering
2011 - 2013 (2 years)
California
As the Director of Engineering, drove Technology, Product, Program,
Data Science and Machine Learning for Telenav, building their search and
advertising on web and mobile.
Microsoft
Senior Program Manager, Enterprise Products
2010 - 2011 (1 year)
Redmond
As the Senior Program Manager, drove the launch of Office 365, for Windows
and Office.
GOOGLE
Senior Engineering Program Manager
2006 - 2010 (4 years)
California
Senior Enterprise Manager, Senior Engineering Program Manager @ Google.
Turning dreams into innovation for the future!
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Sapient
Engineering Project Manager
2004 - 2006 (2 years)
California
As a Senior Program Manager, focused on Digital Business Transformation
& Consulting, always helping clients put customers first and leading solutions
that help you stay relevant and thriving in an evolving, digital world.
IBM
Technical Lead/Project Lead
2003 - 2004 (1 year)
California
As the Technical Lead, driving Financial Services Sector, drove several turn-
key programs for IBM.
Ebase Interactive Inc
Project Lead/Project Manager
2002 - 2003 (1 year)
New York
As a Project Lead, drove several Financial Services programs in the US and
across the globe.
Royal Mail
Web Application Lead, Technology
2001 - 2002 (1 year)
United Kingdom
As a Web Application Lead, led the redesign of Royal Mail, UK.
McCann
Manager - IT Operations, Media & Advertising
1997 - 2001 (4 years)
Drove IT Operations for McCann, the Media & Advertising conglomerate
globally in all markets.
Bennett, Coleman and Co. Ltd. (Times Group)
Senior Lead, Media & Advertising
1994 - 1997 (3 years)
As a Senior Lead Executive for The Times of India, helped shape IT
Operations - Media & Advertising for The Times of India, Economic Times,
Bombay Times. Was also instrumental in opening a new office for The Times.
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Education
Stanford University
Stanford Advanced Cybersecurity [SCCP]
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Data Science and Machine Learning [MCDS]
Stanford University
Stanford Certified Project Management [SCPM]
University of Liverpool
Master of Science - MS, Computer Science, Software Engineering
The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda
Master of Science - MS, Biotechnology
 
Page 5 of 5
