 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pooja-prani
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
C (Programming Language)
C++
Data Structures
Pooja R.
Co-Founder & CTO, immplify | Ex-RedHat | Ex-Quintype | Intern,
ThoughtWorks
India
Summary
As a Co-Founder & CTO of immplify (prev DocuComb), Pooja and
her wonderful team are crafting a powerful yet simple, interactive
system for storing, tracking, sharing, and managing immigration
documents.
Software engineer by heart, Pooja is a lifelong learner, who takes
pride in taking risks, driving, and successfully delivering robust and
scalable software products with an extreme customer focus.
As a startup founder, she is expanding her horizons by learning
business, sales & marketing strategies, technical recruiting,
mentoring, team building, and empathetic leadership.
Experience
immplify
Co-Founder
December 2021 - Present (2 years 4 months)
Red Hat
4 years 2 months
Site Reliability Engineer
February 2021 - December 2021 (11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- Worked as SRE in Red Hat OpenShift Dedicated's team (managed service
offered by Red Hat).
- Headed the Internship program as a chief coordinator and mentor.
Volunteer
March 2020 - December 2021 (1 year 10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
- Worked on building an inclusive system for RedHat Employee Recognition
Program to boost the morale of associates via timely appreciation. 
- Collaborated organization-wide with various teams such as  RedHat
Innovation Department, Human Resources, and IT Operations to execute the
program successfully.
Sr. Software Engineer
March 2020 - February 2021 (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- Played an instrumental role in the development of catalog.redhat.com, right
from the ideation phase to MVP to the full public launch.  
- Optimized the application with improved accessibility, load time, and SEO.
Software Engineer
November 2017 - March 2020 (2 years 5 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Quintype, Inc
Platform Engineer
November 2015 - October 2017 (2 years)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
- Played pioneer role in building Quintype's multi-tenant content syndication
system. Worked closely with CTO to ideate the architecture.  
- As a core platform engineer, worked on numerous critical features and
functionalities, coordinated with cross-functional teams, and worked closely
with Product Managers to deep dive the requirements.
- Gained a wider perspective of the overall system with the dev-ops on-call
shifts.
ThoughtWorks
Intern
July 2014 - November 2015 (1 year 5 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Kickstarted career by learning and adopting the best software engineering
practices for agile teams such as clean code, refactoring, DRY, KISS, YAGNI,
version control, continuous integration, and test-driven development.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
 
Page 3 of 3
