 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pravinsavant
(LinkedIn)
www.lowelintas.in/Key_People/
key_people.html (Company)
www.microsoft.com/
india/casestudies/
Case_Study_Detail.aspx (Other)
www.loweindia.in/team.html
(Company)
Top Skills
jQuery
Vendor Relationships
Vendor Management
Certifications
AI for Everyone
Blockchain Basics
Post Graduate Certificate in
Technology Leadership and
Innovation
Tips for Better Business Writing
Learn Emotional Intelligence, the
Key Determiner of Success
Honors-Awards
India's Best CIOs
India’s Who's Who in IT-as a part of
"The CIO Power List 2015
India's Best CIOs
CIO Master award
CIO 100 2012 Finalist
Publications
SOCIAL ONLY? NO MORE
RIM talks apps, security and
management
Planet of the Apps
Approaching AI as an Enterprise
Initiative
Strategic IT & it's impact in
Advertising Industry
Pravin Savant
Group Chief Technology Officer
Mumbai Metropolitan Region
Summary
Pravin is a Technology Leader with a consistent track record of
leading information technology teams across large Indian as well
as global organizations. He has led the delivery of some of the
most complex & interesting deployments of strategic business
technology initiatives across wide-ranging sectors Viz FMCG, Media
& Entertainment, Supply Chain & Manufacturing with success.
Core Skills:
*Leadership: Track record of attracting, developing and retaining top
talent in competitive job markets. Lead large project teams of 60+
across regions & counties.
*Business Partnership:  A proven track record of delivering strategic
IT initiatives include Broadcast Management (ERP) System, SAP-
ERP, Intellectual Property Management, PeopleSoft HRMS, Supply
chain management, e-CRM/ e-Business portals, Collaboration
platforms and Business Intelligence tools.
*Financial Acumen: Has managed large (Multi-Million dollar)
Projects and operating budgets effecting d measurable operational
efficiency of around 30% in major operational areas (which consume
80% of budgets.) Well conversant with governance & compliance
procedures involved in the same.
*Industry Recognition: Strategic IT initiatives which Pravin had led
have been acknowledged by various Industry awards & Case studies
with Microsoft, Gartner group, RIM.  
Recipient of Industry awards viz CIO 100, CIO Masters, Global CIO,
Edge Award 
Membership: Bombay Chamber of commerce committee for ET&IT
Pravin is currently the Chief Technology Officer for Lowe Lintas and
Partners(Part of Global MNC Inter Public group) 
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Has previously held Senior Positions with STAR TV (News
Corporation) as Vice President and with Godrej group as General
Manager. 
Education: Holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering,
Post Graduation in Systems and Master’s Degree in Finance &
Systems. Additionally Pravin is an alumnus of IIM Bangalore, India &
MIT SLOANS, Boston, USA.
Specialties: Strategic Technology Management and CXO Level
Alignment
Experience
Mullen Lowe Lintas Group (IPG)
Group Chief Technology Officer
September 2009 - Present (14 years 7 months)
Lowe Lintas is part of Lowe worldwide & Inter public group (IPG) which is the
large US multinational and the leading media & advertising agency in India.
IPG with its worldwide presence across many countries, also has a keen
focus on Technology-led by GIS group. Had an opportunity of Working closely
with Global teams in driving synergies across different India operations and
creating a roadmap for strategic IT initiatives with a global foot print. 
Star India Pvt Ltd (News Corp. Inc)
Vice President IT
September 2005 - August 2009 (4 years)
 Led India IT function facilitating various transformation initiatives  
 Established ‘end to end’ information supply chain for Sales function to
facilitate business decisions. Worked closely with business teams on the
concepts of perishable inventory optimisation and revenue management, 
 Worked closely with Wireless (Mobility) team on content monetization
initiatives for high profile shows like KBC
 Member of Core Group (As Project Lead) for driving Broadcast management/
ERP Systems  deployment across Asia from concept to delivery a 
  Was selected for a strategic leadership development program by News
corp wherein from over thousands of employees –a select 20 executives were
sent for a program at MIT Sloan, USA and successfully completed the same.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Godrej Industries Ltd
General Manager IT
June 2001 - August 2005 (4 years 3 months)
• Led e-business initiatives across the group covering B2B – CRM Portal
for large clients like HUL & ITC; Employee portal which covered about 4000
employees across 8 group companies and a CPFAR concept based portal
connecting 1300 distributors of Consumer products
• Designing & implementing the IT security policy and a disaster management
plan.
• Received ‘Outstanding’ performer rating at Godrej  
Ballarpur Industries Ltd
DGM Business systems
1998 - 2001 (3 years)
Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of
Management
IT (Leadership), Information Technology · (2007 - 2008)
University of Mumbai
BE, MBA, Post Grad in Systems, Systems and Finance · (1982 - 1989)
 
Page 3 of 3
