 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ramesh-shetty
(LinkedIn)
beyondweb.ind.in/ (Company)
Ramesh Shetty
Chief Technology Officer
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Experience
Beyondweb Pvt Ltd
Chief Technology Officer
March 2015 - Present (9 years 1 month)
Bengaluru Area, India
Entrepreneurial-spirited, pioneering technologist with 4+ years of executive-
level experience identifying, qualifying, building consensus for, and
implementing enabling technologies and enterprise systems that facilitate
business processes and strategic objectives. I believe in powerful blend of
technology vision and business acumen results in consistent development of
powerful business strategies supported by cost-effective, high-performance
IT infrastructures and applications. My strengths lies in broad expertise in IT,
network, and telecommunications architecture/infrastructure design, full project
life cycle management, client/vendor relationship management, and financial/
operational management and process improvement initiatives.
Unilever
Technology Manager
September 2012 - March 2014 (1 year 7 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
My responsibility was to maintains organization's effectiveness and efficiency
by defining, delivering, and supporting plans for implementing information and
latest technologies. To Direct technological research team with organization
goals, strategies, practices, and user projects. Maintaining quality service
by establishing and enforcing organization standards, professional and
technical knowledge helped me attending educational workshops; reviewing
professional publications; establishing personal networks; bench marking
state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies. 
Vodafone Business
Head Of Strategic Marketing
January 2009 - June 2012 (3 years 6 months)
Chennai Area, India
As a Head of Strategic Marketing Department, my role was to conduct in-depth
research to identify new market opportunities and consumer preferences to
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
support campaign creations. Set specific marketing goals that align with the
overall direction and business goals. Develop and maintain digital campaigns
to increase web traffic. Track and measure marketing outcomes including
marketing activities, response, leads, sales, retention and ROI. Generating
innovative ideas to promote Vodafone brand. Developed business cases to
support new marketing strategies, budget requests, projects and marketing
plans
Cisco
Sales Marketing Manager
March 2006 - November 2009 (3 years 9 months)
Chennai Area, India
As a Sales and Marketing Manager, I was responsible for managing and
motivating sales personnel and increasing company profits. Common work
activities included writing reports for senior managers, assessing sales
performance, designing sales and marketing strategies, and overseeing the
accounts of the most important clients. Sales expertise, leadership, self-
motivation, supervisory and managerial skills, and a good business sense
were my strengths. 
Education
IIMBx | Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business, Management, Marketing,
and Related Support Services · (2004 - 2006)
M S Engineering College, BANGALORE
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Electrical, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (1999 - 2003)
 
Page 2 of 2
