 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
ramkrishnakulkarni (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Core Java
Design Patterns
Java
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Professional Working)
Kannada (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Limited Working)
Ramkrishna Kulkarni
CTO at WeShineTech Pvt. Ltd., Pune
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
A tech entrepreneur interested in building software that makes
people's lives easier.
Partner and CTO at WeShineTech Pvt. Ltd., Pune since 2011. We
build software for universities to streamline examination procedures.
Prior to this, worked with Persistent Systems for 7 years.
Experience
WeShineTech Pvt. Ltd., Pune.
CTO
August 2011 - Present (12 years 8 months)
Pune Area, India
Work highlights:
Built a distributed online examination system which is used by universities.
Typically, hundred thousand students take examination on this system in a
day.
Built a question paper delivery system for universities. Security is paramount
in this system. Face recognition, 2 factor authentication, live auditing, IP
restrictions, watermarking of question papers are some of the features built
into the system.
Built an answer paper evaluation system for universities to make it easier to
evaluate answer papers written by students. This system brings efficiency and
transparency in the evaluation process and helps universities track progress in
realtime.
Built an online admission system for a government organization. The challenge
in this system was seat allocation based on various applicant quota. The
system had to be simple as it's users are in the rural areas. After introducing
this system, number of applications received and admissions doubled.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Built a system to aggregate weather information and commodity prices from
various sources and deliver it to subscribed farmers through SMS.
Built a video interviewing tool for recruiters (VideoResponse) to record and
review candidate interviews.
Worked on land records digitization project in the District Collector's office.
Persistent Systems Ltd.
Senior Team Lead
July 2003 - November 2010 (7 years 5 months)
Education
Visvesvaraya Technological University
 · (1999 - 2003)
 
Page 2 of 2
