 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/randallpigott
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Cloud Computing
Program Management
Systems Engineering
Languages
French (Professional Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Professional Working)
Randall Pigott
Chief Technology Officer / CIO / CISO
Washington, District of Columbia, United States
Summary
Executive Advisory CISO to Fortune 1000 corporations, C-suite,
enterprise security executives, and the Federal Government.  Deep
recent subject matter expertise in intelligence and threat-driven
frameworks. Consultancy practice leader and risk management
strategy executive, driving rapid revenue growth in security services
and products.  Thought leader for new security technologies and
technology development as CTO for AI-driven cyber intelligence
countermeasures systems and services.  Deep CIO background to
aid in integrating our advisory and products lines of business with
overall integration into large client enterprises.  Expert in detection
and remediation of major security breaches, and minimizing further
intrusion for large enterprise clients and Federal Government clients.
Experience
SkyComm Inc
Chief Technology Officer / CIO / CISO
June 2003 - Present (20 years 10 months)
Annapolis, MD
SkyComm (a company with little “public surface” by design and intent)
was created to service strategic government US Intel, CIA. NSA, and DoD
Pentagon JCS organizations deep into cybersecurity and cyber defense.
Within the last ten years we have added significant Fortune 500 Global
finance, health care, and corporate clients.  Equally-comfortable as CTO, CIO,
and CISO communicating effectively with C-Suite, Board-level execs, and
technical audiences.  Servant-leads truly world-class internal technical  teams
in providing consistently high-quality, on-time, on-budget deliverables to our
customer base.  Our teams deliver large-scale distributed systems, artificial
intelligence driven machine learning, natural language, parallel processing,
image recognition, innovative solutions re-engineering and integration,
ERP refactoring to distributed Cloud containers with sandboxing, Agile/
DevOps continuous-delivery software development, product management,
entire SaaS/IaaS platforms, security consulting analyses, standards re-
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
quals, penetration-testing, secure prototyping, and other special program
ops and assurance deployments.  We achieve AI-enhanced rapid network
cyberattack threat detection and real-time remediation before client systems
ever experience targeted compromise or loss of data integrity from malware
and data theft intrusion attempts. We deliver cutting-edge technology research
and strategic lab developments of massively-automated AI distributed
"big data” analytics engines, SDN, noSQL key-value and blockchain-type
new distributed dB methodology, semantic text analysis, voice language
processing, visualization-interpretation, and new architectures.   Event
notification analyses and reductions are delivered in real-time digitally via web,
mobile, and social media integration to clients.  Hires and builds world-class
high-technology teams, and in turn learns from knowledgeable, skilled team
members who consistently meet and exceed key customer expectations.
SkyServ, Inc.
Chief Executive Officer / CTO
August 1997 - June 2003 (5 years 11 months)
Annapolis Junction, Maryland
SkyServ was an Internet “dot-com bubble” Internet infrastructure IPO-runup,
based upon Internet Information Security, Adaptive Packet Network bypass,
dynamic augmentation countermeasures, and comsec/encryption tech.  This
was tech transferred from my own years of DoD Joint Staff and Naval Space
Warfare deliverables via Tech Transfer Initiative. SkyServ leveraged that
work to help secure the fledgling edge-networks of the time against imminent
overburdened undercapacity collapse, by scaling out to multiply datagram
delivery speed and availability metrics. With first tranche funding from DC
Beltway private equity investment and second tranche funding from Worldcom
equity investment, profitability was achieved in the first three years and an IPO
through Morgan Stanley was ready to go. The bursting of the “dot-com bubble”
in 2001 forced a change of plans, and a subsequent liquidity event by 2003
provided satisfactory returns for all.  I was humbled to have been retained as
CEO into the pre-IPO roadshow and learned a great deal about creating a
successful startup.
General Dynamics
CTO, Chief Scientist Data Networks and C4ISR Systems for DoD Joint
Staff / USN / CIA / NSA
August 1991 - July 1997 (6 years)
US DoD Pentagon, Joint Chiefs of Staff Arlington, US Navy N6, CIA Reston 
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
McDonnell Douglas Corp, Space Systems Div (now Boeing
Aerospace/Satellite)
Program Mgr / Sr Dir NASA Goddard Space Flight Center and JPL
Pasadena CA 
August 1988 - July 1991 (3 years)
Redondo Beach CA, Greenbelt MD
ARINC
Senior SATCOM Systems Engineer (ARINC) and Director, Satellite
Data Network Engineering (AvSat)
October 1985 - July 1988 (2 years 10 months)
Annapolis, Maryland
Harris Corporation
Senior Systems Engineer, SATCOM, NASA Kennedy Space Flight
Center
May 1984 - September 1985 (1 year 5 months)
Melbourne, Florida
Education
Florida Institute of Technology
Coursework toward MSEE  · (1984)
Mississippi State University
BS Electrical Engineering, RF/Data Communications · (1984)
 
Page 3 of 3
