 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/joshisanjay
(LinkedIn)
www.xpointers.com (Company)
www.dynamicsolutions.co.in
(Company)
Top Skills
Process Mapping
Solution Architecture
Industry Analysis
Sanjay Joshi
Chief Technology Officer at Ellora Systems
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
An entrepreneur, management consultant, corporate trainer and
teacher with years of experience under his belt, Sanjay has been
working in the field of Information Technology, Manufacturing,
Agriculture, Direct Selling industry for 2 decades.
Sanjay has been instrumental in providing technology and
management consulting to numerous client in India as well as
abroad. He has been actively studying new technologies in the
market and their applicability in todays world. He is currently on
panel of 4 companies providing technology and management
support.
Sanjay has an uncanny ability of converting the complex technical
world into layman terms for better understanding of common
people. This has helped him to make people aware of benefits of
how technology can be implemented in an easier way to make life
simple. He has been a corporate trainer to organizations involved in
manufacturing, warehouse management, B2B, B2C segments.
He runs a training academy (Sunjay Joshi Traning Academy) where
courses are conducted on Impact of Social Media in Marketing. The
courses provide an insight on using social media as tool to boost
sales and create awareness about a product in the market.
Sanjay has worked with companies like Tata Consultancy
Services, Infodat Inc. and Al-Hind Enterprises before getting into
Entrepreneurship. Sanjay is a Master in Economics and Post
Graduate in Business Management. In addition to this he is a
Mechanical Engineer by profession. He is also a member of ISPI.
Specialties: Industry analysis, Business process mapping, System
analysis, Solution architecture
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Experience
Ellora Systems
Chief Technology Officer
March 2021 - Present (3 years 1 month)
Boston Byte LLC
Co-Founder
October 2016 - Present (7 years 6 months)
Boston, MA
Dynamic Corporate Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Director
June 2011 - Present (12 years 10 months)
Pune
xPointers Consulting Private Limited
Founder Director
June 2007 - September 2016 (9 years 4 months)
Infodat
Consultant - India
June 2007 - January 2008 (8 months)
TCS
Head Composite Applications (SAP xMII)
2005 - 2007 (2 years)
National Industries
Purchase Officer
2002 - 2003 (1 year)
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Masters of Arts, Economics · (2003 - 2005)
Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies
MBA, Operations, Marketing · (2003 - 2005)
Savitribai Phule Pune University
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Bachelor of Engineering, Mechanical Engineering · (1998 - 2002)
 
Page 3 of 3
