 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/seanbassily
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business-to-Business (B2B)
B2C e-commerce
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Sean Bassily
COO | CTO | CIO | MBA 2024 | Advisor | Board Member
United States
Summary
Executive COO who successfully weaves together vision and
momentum to bring about exceptional results.
Dynamic thinker who possesses a vast array of technical and
marketing expertise across legal, business, and nonprofit sectors of
industry.
Wields C-Suite level experience with precision. Encompasses a
wide-ranging, multi-faceted skill set toolbox that is an invaluable
asset to any organization.
A clear-cut and decisive decision maker with an entrepreneurial spirit
and indomitable drive to succeed and win.
3 key traits I possess that contribute to my success:
• Vision - The ability to clearly envision and conceptualize new ideas
and explain them with simplicity, competence, and focus.
• Momentum - A pragmatic mind that can quickly adapt to find
uniquely creative solutions to each potential challenge that comes
across my desk.
• Results - The capability to design and execute one-of-a-kind
strategic blueprints with confidence and precision in order achieve
breakthroughs and go above and beyond the original intended
vision.
Specialties: B2B | B2C | SaaS | SEO | Growth Hacking | Advanced
Conversion Rate Tracking | Copywriting | Content Marketing |
Email Funnels | Landing Page Copy | A/B Tests | Client Acquisition
Channels | Referrals & Virality | Webflow | UI/UX Design | Lean Six
Sigma
Experience
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Sean Bassily Consulting
Founder
2021 - Present (3 years)
Helping companies make more money by seeing the bigger picture.
RAK Law Firm, PLLC
Director Of Business Development
2020 - 2021 (1 year)
Tampa, Florida, United States
Drove business growth while leading operations, strategic vision and long-
range planning. Worked directly with senior partners, management, and
marketing department to brainstorm, discuss strategy, and mitigate issues.
Aaronson Law Firm
Chief Technology Officer / Director of Technical Operations
2018 - 2020 (2 years)
Winter Park, Florida, United States
Implemented foolproof system to track analytics and improve traceability
across organizational systems. Produced regular reports for each lead source
to evaluate performance, adjust strategies and maintain agile, sustainable
operations.
C. J. M. Group, Inc.
Chief Operating Officer / Chief Information Officer
2015 - 2018 (3 years)
South River, New Jersey, United States
Tracked revenue and analyzed key metrics in order to improve overall
profitability and bring in new clientele. Achieved substantial results by using
market expertise and business knowledge to make proactive decisions.
Various - Startups and Nonprofits
Executive Director
2006 - 2015 (9 years)
Comprehensive experience in many diverse aspects of innovation:
fundraising, revenue models, process flows, operations strategy, and customer
engagement.
Education
Rollins College
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Rutgers University
 
Page 3 of 3
