 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
shrikantgjannu (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microsoft Azure
Data Modeling
IT Service Management
Languages
Telugu (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
ITIL v3 Foundation Certified
PMP
Certified Big Data Engineer
Cloud Computing Applications
Shrikant G Jannu
EVP - Technology Solutions
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
HOW I CAN HELP
30+ years of global experience in using technologies efficiently,
profitably and securely. Expert in Enterprise Solution Architecture,
Cloud Architecture and legacy Migration to cloud (AWS/Azure).
• I listen to your problem statement keenly to understand your
business vision, constraints and timelines
• I provide cost effective technology solution that meets your budget,
goals and timelines
• I provide leadership/consulting to define, develop & drive projects to
completion.
THE BENEFIT I BRING
• I bring to you a clear, practical, implementable and cost effective IT
solutions that are based out of real life & hands-on experience. Also
whilst I am a team player, I am prepared to "swim against the tide"
when situation demands.
• My solutions directly has positive impact on operational efficiencies
and cost savings
• My decisive & continuous improvement approach proactively
identify technical issues, security gaps and opportunities for
improvisation.
• My vast experience covers technologies from mainframe, extending
legacy systems to web technology and solutions via Machine
Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Neural Networks,
Internet of Things and where required I provide solutions using
customized complex algorithms.
THE SCOPE OF MY EXPERIENCE
As a CTO 
 
Page 1 of 8
 
 
• I bring the 360 degree vision to the organization covering IT
solutions and IT infrastructure, in a scientific way
• Build technology solutions to improve efficiency and reduce cost
• Provide consulting to department heads to effectively implement
change management process
• Define and lead organization level security awareness for larger
compliance towards security best practices
As Sr. IT Consultant
• I fill the necessary skills gap or complement whilst carrying out the
responsibility to assess, define and build the IT solution
• Identify risk and mitigate those, close security gaps and best
technology solution to meet organizational goal and objectives
SPECIALTIES
• AWS
• Big Data Analytics
• ML/DL
Experience
Hoonartek
EVP Technology Solutions
March 2024 - Present (1 month)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Technology Solutions Head with 30+ years of global IT experience in
understanding customer requirements, addressing pain points and proposing
solutions that meet industry best practices, security, high availability, reliability,
performance with scalability using modern technology.  I will be able to
strength delivery team using my expertise in delivery management, agile
development, cloud computing and data analytics.
Key focus areas would 
1. Data Products & Monetization
2. Digital Banking and Lending
3. Digital Engineering
Consultant In Computer Systems
CTO, Sr. AWS Architect & Cloud Migration Specialist
April 2011 - Present (13 years)
 
Page 2 of 8
 
 
Pune
• Cloud Architect  for Big Data solutions, IoT and ML DNN and AI based
solutions. 
• Specialist in AWS/Azure Solution Architecture and Cloud migration planning/
execution
• Designed and Implemented Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery in
Cloud 
• Providing consultancy services on information security, Cloud adaptation, &
augmenting on-premise systems with cloud native services
3Net TechDriver LLP
vCTO
January 2018 - Present (6 years 3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Head of Technology Solutions 
Leading engineering team to build cloud based solutions to help customer/
partners reduce operational cost, secure their applications, optimize
application performance.
Serving global customer base.
EMIZA SUPPLY CHAIN SERVICES PVT LTD
Chief Technology Officer
March 2016 - January 2023 (6 years 11 months)
Pune Area, India
Sr. Technology Consultant to define and manage architecture for modern age
WMS and related echo system.
Build technology solutions using serveless concepts for high availability and
scalability.
Implementing monitoring systems for security alerts and incident response.
Promoting AWS DevOps in development process using CodeCommit,
CodeBuild & CodePipeline, CodeDeploy for end to end automation
Other responsibilities
- Customer interaction 
- Vendor management
- Team Management
Vernalis.
 
Page 3 of 8
 
 
Partner and Director Delivery
June 2011 - July 2013 (2 years 2 months)
Pune, India
• Head of technical development team to develop solutions for broad range
of bluechip clients within US, UK and APAC; drove all aspects of pre-sales,
project scoping, development, implementation and final sign off    
• Produced wide range of solutions across multiple platforms including .NET,
Azure, Sharepoint, iOS and Android; combined multiple applications to
produce cost efficient and highly functional solutions for clients
Significant Achievements
• Instrumental in setup of new firm; hired and trained team of engineers from
scratch and trained staff on ITIL and software development best practices
• Spearheaded establishment of Center of Excellent for Microsoft product
based solutions - especially for Sharepoint management and .Net/C#
applications
Maersk Global Service Centres
General Manager IS
July 2009 - April 2011 (1 year 10 months)
Pune, India
• Led 500 staff to drive application development projects as well as 24/7
helpdesk support for Maersk staff globally; oversaw 1st, 2nd & 3rd level
offshore Technical support services for Maersk end users worldwide
• Solely responsible for organisation of preventive maintenance initiatives
for Infrastructure, desktop machines worldwide; rigorously tested systems to
ensure integrity as per specified designs and intended operations, Security
solutions including IDS/IPS
• Identified poorly performing clusters and took corrective measures to meet
SLA and quality targets; installed initiatives to maximize system up-time and
minimize risk
• Developed detailed governance, risk and control model to maintain smooth
operations
• Responsible for conceptualizing and rolling out new applications to
streamline and automate various processes
• Communicated closely with business users; analyzed usage patterns and
gathered requirements from key stakeholders; defined project specifications,
outlined deliverables and estimated implementation timeline 
 
Page 4 of 8
 
 
• Actively monitored and evaluated service desk support metrics; identified
poorly performing teams and took corrective measures to meet SLA and
quality targets; installed initiatives to maximize high priority (P1) call resolution,
and minimize customer complaints, transfers, and escalations
Significant Achievements
• Improved processing of tickets through improved segregation of priorities
via automation; successfully improved overall ticket resolution by 33% and
managed resolution of 90% of Priority 1 cases within SLAs
• Instituted strong project management workflows and processes to ensure
high level of software development code; significantly improved development
times and reduced defects
• Played key role in reduction of service desk turnover from 60% to 10%;
identified root cause of staff attrition, conducted benchmark of industry pay and
installed new salary structures to encourage retention
Tech Mahindra
Delivery Head
November 2006 - May 2009 (2 years 7 months)
India and UK
• Supported full spectrum of duties for IT technology engineering firm
specialising in delivering solutions for the telecommunications industry
• Partake in all process steps from pre-sales, tendering, transitioning to
offshore, development, implementation, training and final sign-off from client
Significant Achievements
• Recognised as leader in ITIL training programs within firm; conducted several
internal training programs to share ITIL best practices among staff
INDECCA TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD
Director Professional Services
March 2006 - September 2006 (7 months)
• Played key role as pioneer employee for new online poker game; hired and
trained team of 10 engineers to manage all aspects of development and server
maintenance to ensure scalability to meet growing user base
• Firm was acquired by leading online gaming company and merged into
parent company
 
Page 5 of 8
 
 
Cybage
Delivery Head
January 2004 - February 2006 (2 years 2 months)
• Managed 11 customer accounts and over 250 resources to deliver various
technology solutions for a broad range of industry verticals including: Telecom,
Retail, Grid Computing, Web Based Applications, & Payroll
Significant Achievements
• Drove expansion of team from 4 resources in Jan 2004 to over 250 by 2006
to meet growing demand for projects from various clients worldwide generating
revenue of 15M USD
• Key member of team which contributed towards attainment of CMMi Level 5
certification for organization
Cisco
Sr. IT Project Manager
1999 - 2003 (4 years)
San Jose, CA, USA
Managed portal performance improvement from 35 sec to below 10 sec,
resulting in net increase in productivity for sales force in the field.
Worked with outsourcing company to define and optimize delivery process in
line with Cisco standards
Conducted in-house training for a new portal product saving company $80K.
Recipient of the ‘Outstanding Cross-functional Project Manager’ and
‘Outstanding Leadership’ awards.
TIBCO Software Inc.
Project Manager
January 1998 - January 1999 (1 year 1 month)
Singapore / USA
Managed project team to design, build, QA and implement Deal Management
System, Administration module.
Handled complete project planning, resource allocation, project cost
optimisation etc.
Partnered with TIBCO software product managers for cross-functional support
on TIB RV module. 
 
Page 6 of 8
 
 
Managed global support for the software implementation, also managed
quarterly budget for the project.
Significant Achievements
Re-factored key modules to enhance user experience and thereby increased
customer satisfaction.
Defined internet based deployment procedure to help client downloads and
evaluated product.
Initially involved with and contributed to project from Singapore.
Technology Used/Managed: C++ primary, Java/J2EE secondary, XML/XSLT,
& Oracle 10g using Solaris and Linux. Weblogic & Tuxdeo were third party
tools.
Standard Chartered Bank
Asst. Project Manager
January 1996 - January 1998 (2 years 1 month)
Singapore
Designed, developed, QA and implemented Customer Management System
by managing a team of software professionals.
Extended technical support to key modules during design and development.
Partnered with cross department Project Manager for strategic interfaces;
produced weekly status report to Sr. Project Manager.
Technology Used/Managed:  MS SQL, VB, MS Access, C minor capacity and
JAVA was used on limited scale.
Otis Elevator Company
Sr. Systems Analyst
January 1994 - January 1996 (2 years 1 month)
Designed, developed, and implemented Service Management System and
extend support to install base in APAC region.
Developed migration plan to port legacy systems to new client / server
platform.
Technology Used: C/C++, VB, MS SQL and COBOL.
Bajaj Auto Ltd
IT Engineer / MIS Officer
 
Page 7 of 8
 
 
January 1992 - January 1994 (2 years 1 month)
Developed and supported Manufacturing Application System.
Underwent rigorous training in OOP and OOAD methodology, used these
techniques to develop two key PC based applications
Technology Used: C/C++, VAX C, VAX COBOL, and VAX Assembly
DATAPRO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
IT Engineer - Management Trainee
January 1989 - January 1992 (3 years 1 month)
Facilitated  and conduct corporate training needs; supported maintenance
work at MIS department for payroll system
Technology Used: C and COBOL
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
B.E., Computer Engineering · (1985 - 1989)
Sikkim Manipal University - Distance Education
MS in Information Technology, Cloud Computing and High Speed Network
Security · (2014 - 2015)
MES Garware College
Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC), PCM · (1983 - 1985)
Maharashtra Mandal
SSC, PCM · (1977 - 1983)
 
Page 8 of 8
