 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wonderpillars
(LinkedIn)
www.wonderpillars.com/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Mobile Applications
Website Development
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Steve Vedang
chief technology officer
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
Wonder Pillars Technology is a privately possessed IT Company that
is based in Noida (NCR) of India. The company have also its branch
offices in USA & Switzerland. We are known as a professional
offshore IT Company that renders and runs different types of website
development, designing, mobile app development, SEO, SMO, PPC
and a different others.
We basically focus on the quality of the services and also on secure,
expandable and scalable business systems. This is why, our
professionals will serve you with the best possible expertise in terms
of delivering the needed services. Our information technologies
solutions are offered by the professionals of the industry and
designed with a spotlight to fulfill the exact needs and requirement of
our clients. We value for the money of our clients and hence, serve
them with our high quality and reliable offshore web-based solutions.
Beside this, we are specializes in E-commerce website development,
product development, web enablement, web applications and
several other services that will help your business to grow effectively.
We are also known for completing all the projects within the
promised timeframes.
Experience
Wonder Pillars Technology Pvt. Ltd.
Chief Technology Officer
January 2016 - Present (8 years 3 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Wonder Pillars is a 06-year-old, organization, supporting business across
North America, Canada, EU & APAC..
Wonders Pillars specialty is establishing nearshore dedicated teams across
the United States, Canada, and Latin America from a startup to established.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
We have a talent pool of 100+ certified and experience software engineers and
team members.
Expertise-
Custom Software Development
Application Development & Support
Web & Mobile App Development
Ecommerce and Digital Marketing
Magento development & Support
Website- https://www.wonderpillars.com/
Email:-info@wonderpillars.in
Skype ID: james@wonderpillars.com
Phone No: +1(678) 500-9350
 
Page 2 of 2
