 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/suhaschitade
(LinkedIn)
suhas-labs.tech (Blog)
Top Skills
Vertex
AWS SageMaker
Machine Learning
Languages
Hindi
English
Marathi
Certifications
Certified Scrum Developer (CSD)
Project Management Professional
Suhas Chitade
CTO at Inceptive Technologies
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Hi There! I am Suhas, an avid technology enthusiast with a rich
and diverse experience in technology for the past 19+ years. By
education, I have completed my Bachelors of Engineering, majoring
in Computer Science. I was also a certified Project Management
Professional (PMP). 
My work experience has covered domains as varied as Retail,
Finance & Telecom with a mix of Microsoft & Open-Source
technologies. Hands-on with Front-end technologies including JS
Libraries like Anuglar.JS. Over the last couple of years, I focused on
getting hands-on with mobility and covered iPhone/Android/Windows
platform with ease.
After 13 years working with some of the industry’s best technology
companies, I decided to take the entrepreneur plunge and co-
founded Inceptive Technologies, with a deep focus on digital
empowerment. 
With the entrepreneur jump, I am helping customers build the
product with a Minimum Viable Product model on IOS/Android/
Windows platforms.
This experience is helping me also understand client pains and
problem areas much better as I can now clearly identify with them
- which brings in a completely different perspective of looking at
building a particular solution. 
Enjoying the journey of entrepreneurship and helping other
businesses grow!
Experience
Inceptive Technologies
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
CTO
June 2014 - Present (9 years 10 months)
Providing cost effective technology solutions, Customer satisfaction.
Sears Holding India
Technical Specialist
November 2012 - February 2014 (1 year 4 months)
Pune
XECOM Information Technologies Pvt Ltd
Team Lead
June 2011 - November 2012 (1 year 6 months)
S1 Services
System Analyst
July 2007 - June 2011 (4 years)
Tech Mahindra
Techinical Associate
March 2005 - June 2007 (2 years 4 months)
Esoftex pvt ltd
Team Leader
March 2004 - March 2005 (1 year 1 month)
In this company I was working as team leader, the company was majorly into
CMS (Content Management System).
My role over here is to interacting with customer, gather requirements and then
design the solution and get worked out by team members.
Education
College of engg. Ambajogai
B.E., Computers · (1996 - 2001)
 
Page 2 of 2
