 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tedgaubert
(LinkedIn)
goo.gl/kEQ9BL (Personal)
Top Skills
Artificial Intelligence
Data Science
Machine Learning
Publications
Highly parallel fabrication
of nanopatterned surfaces
with nanoscale orthogonal
biofunctionalization imprint
lithography
Modulation of Endothelial Cell
Migration via Manipulation of
Adhesion Site Growth Using
Nanopatterned Surfaces
Nanoscale orthogonal
biofunctionalization imprint
lithography (NOBIL) and its
applications for studying nanoscale
cell surface interactions
Ted Gaubert, PhD, MBA
Chief Technology Officer
Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex
Summary
Ted Gaubert serves as Chief Technology Officer at Graphite.
Prior to Graphite, he was Chief Technology Officer of Global Product
Engineering at Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE: DNB), a leading provider
of data, analytics, SaaS, and API products. His engineering teams
were responsible for 30+ SaaS products {FinTech, Sales, Marketing,
Data Management, Risk, Credit and Compliance} which generated
over $1.5B in annual revenue. He personally invented and patented
three artificial intelligence technologies as well as leading technology
innovation across the portfolio.
Prior to D&B, he founded Noodle.ai, one of the first pure play artificial
intelligence companies. Dr. Gaubert is credited with coining and
trademarking Enterprise AI™ as well as defining Enterprise AI™ as a
market category. He grew the company’s valuation from $0 to $300M
+. The company won awards such as Top 10 companies to work
for (LinkedIn), Forbes Top 50 "Most promising AI Companies", and
Gartner Cool Vendor. 
His work on inventing Enterprise AI™ technologies rocketing the
company's growth with headcount growing by 250% in the first 24
months. He attracted $70M+ in external capital investments including
TPG Capital, Dell Technologies, Mitsubishi, SMS and others.
Prior to Noodle.ai, he was CTO at Infosys Consulting and helped
grow revenue to $800M. That venture was later merged into Infosys
(NYSE: INFY) Worldwide Consulting & Systems Integration (C&SI),
which resulted in a growing business unit of over 30,000 employees
and $2.5B in annual revenue. C&SI was later refocused into
management consulting services (MCS) as "Tip of the Spear" for
Infosys.  When he left, Infosys was over 200,000 employees and had
a market cap of $40B.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Ted is a globally recognized technology thought leader, innovator,
and disruptor. He is one of the handful of selected executives in the
official LinkedIn Influencer program with 125,000+ followers.
Expertise: AI, Machine Learning (ML), Natural Language Processing
(NLP), NLU, NLG, GAN, knowledge graphs (KG), RDF, SPARQL,
ontology, neural networks, large language models (LLM), CNN,
DNN, LSTM, Transformers, BERT, GPT, Deep Learning
Experience
Graphite Health
Chief Technology Officer
2021 - Present (3 years)
I lead the Software Engineering, Product Management, Analytics and Data
Science business functions.
Dun & Bradstreet
Chief Technology Officer | Global Product Engineering | AI (NYSE:
DNB)
2020 - 2021 (1 year)
San Francisco Bay Area
I led global product engineering across 30+ SaaS products that span FinTech,
Sales, Marketing, Data Management, Risk, Compliance and Credit. My
engineering team spanned the globe with ~650 engineers building and
supporting products with a combined revenue of $1.5B+.
The D&B Data Cloud is the world's most comprehensive B2B data sets:
• 420M+ business covered
• 243 countries and territories 
• 16,000 data sources
Noodle.ai
Chief Technology Officer | AI
2016 - 2020 (4 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
CTO of Noodle.ai, the Enterprise Artificial Intelligence® company. Ranked as
"Top Company to Work For" by LinkedIn.
• Lead innovation and development of core AI technologies and products
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
• Grew valuation from $0 to $300M+
• Member of Executive board
• Rocketed companies growth by 250% in first 24 months
• Raised $70M+ in investor funding
• Built strategic partnerships with Intel, Dell and SMS
Infosys
Chief Technology Officer - Global MCS (NYSE: INFY)
2011 - 2016 (5 years)
Chief Technology Officer within Global MCS. Infosys (NYSE: INFY) is a
multinational information technology corporation. In 2016, the company had
more than 200,000+ employees and a market cap of $40B USD
• Led the Technology & Innovation Group for Global Management Consulting
Services (MCS). 
• Vishal Sikka, CEO, positioned MCS as "Tip of the Spear" for driving Infosys
revenue.
Infosys Consulting
Chief Technology Officer
2008 - 2011 (3 years)
• Responsible for technologies and platforms that helped rapidly scale
revenues
• Led technology in growing the company by $800M in annual book-of-
business
XenTec Systems
Chief Executive Officer
1996 - 2008 (12 years)
XenTec has provided data driven enterprise application development and
hosting. The company specializes in the design of large scale, computationally
intensive, event-driven analytics systems. 
MSR Development
Software Engineer
1994 - 1996 (2 years)
San Diego, CA
Education
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
The University of Texas at Austin
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Engineering
Texas McCombs School of Business
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business Administration and
Management, General
The University of Texas at Austin
Master of Science - MS, Engineering
The University of Texas at Austin
Bachelor of Science - BS, Electrical and Computer Engineering || Computer
Science
 
Page 4 of 4
