 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tinabuop
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Healthcare IT
HIPAA
EMR
Tina Buop
Chief Information Officer / CISO
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
Healthcare technology leader who is dedicated to driving excellence
and catalyzing transformative change across the continuum of
healthcare.
Experience
HCA Far West Division
Chief Information Officer, PPMSI Division
January 2019 - Present (5 years 3 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
• Produce executive IT strategies, plans, and roadmaps for new capabilities
that drive growth and market expansion.
• Lead the technology planning, architecture, application development, delivery
& support for client facing solutions and internal company operations.  
• Serve as an executive partner to new and existing clients to solve issues for
managed healthcare, health plans, medical groups, practices and health data
organizations.
• Lead the adaptation of regulatory requirements including CFRs Technical
Research, HIPAA & Omnibus, Stark Compliance, Sarbanes Oxley SOX,
NCQA Hedits & AMP, MACRA MIPS,  ANSI ISO, NIST, IHE, HL7 & PCI-DSS. 
• Build strategic internal partnerships with key roles across the organization
and positively impact change and organizational EBDITA. 
• Produce, measure and monitor work performed based on support SLAs and
Change Management
LeanMD
CEO / CIO
April 2016 - December 2018 (2 years 9 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
My mission as healthcare technology executive has always been to deliver
innovative solutions that benefit all partners involved in the delivery of quality
care. 
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Recruited by the board to establish the organization, create technical
foundation and market.  
• Value and Innovation. Positioned the LeanMD organization as a competitor
in the healthcare solutions treatment marketplace while ensuring 100% of the
company’s operating systems are in the cloud.
• Vision. Set vision and executed strategies for producing 30% YOY increase
in units 
• New Products. Led a joint team of researchers, pharmacists, physicians and
legal to introduce 5 new consumer products
• Fiscal Responsibility. Created and managed the development of the first
EBITDA, valuation and acquisition of private funding producing funds to further
the objectives of producing a mobile based application
• Technology 100% Cloud. Produced the business and technology roadmaps
to create a business that is 100% in the cloud for all technical assets, vendors,
escrow, compliance and access. 
• LeanMD Board Member Jan 2014 to 2018.
HealthCare Partners
1 year 6 months
CIO and CISO
July 2015 - April 2016 (10 months)
El Segundo, California, United States
Executive leadership of a dynamic California IS/IT team that designed,
developed and delivered applications, infrastructure and support for California,
Nevada & Arizona representing over 1 million healthcare lives.
* Provided support and expertise for the DaVita HCP Acquisition Executive
Team supporting the merger & acquisition of 11 medical groups and IPA
purchases in 14 months. 
* Team delivery of Corporate HQ Relocation, ICD10 Conversion &
Implementation and Sarbanes Oxley SOX 404 Application and Internal
Controls improvements.
* Servant leader that supported my leadership team member’s growth,
business development interactions, ability to lean into new DevOps efficiencies
and strategic planning & execution.
Sr. Director of Interoperability & IPA CIS
November 2014 - April 2016 (1 year 6 months)
Torrance, CA
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Lead a service oriented team that provides SaaS products to our Independent
Physician Community and the Interoperability programs to connect our patient
community.
Accomplishments include transforming the Technical, Business and Growth
opportunities for the hosted solutions. Replacing the technical architecture and
most importantly connecting with our IPA Physicians, Providers and Practices!
Implementing several new solutions including Patient Portals, Interfaces,
Mobile and more.
La Clinica
CTO / IT Transformation Consultant
May 2012 - October 2014 (2 years 6 months)
Led La Clinica’s technical transformation and adaptation to new enterprise
solutions, Electronic Health Records, Imaging, Data Warehouse, Data
Exchange, Financial and HR Systems all managed in the cloud.
Produced first Electronic Dental Record & Dental Imaging in the cloud as an
integrated EHR specialty 
Team Development for 3 Organizational 3 Grant Awards: 
 John Muir Community Health Foundation for Dental Innovations in an EHR
 John Muir Community Health Foundation for Clinical Informatics & EHR
Adoption.
 HRSA Award Integrated Behavioral Heath
Executive Sponsor I.T. project and process Agile workflows including needs
assessments, program prioritization, development, testing, quality assurance
testing, software configuration and operational integration.
Muir Medical Group IPA, Inc.
Chief Information Officer / Chief Information Security Officer
July 2007 - April 2012 (4 years 10 months)
San Francisco East Bay
Developed and led a new clinical integration division responsible for
automating and connecting independently owned physician offices in the
San Francisco East Bay. Created a progressive team to design, develop,
implement, support and integrate practice management, Electronic Health
Records, 14+ data interfaces across 3 East Bay Counties.  Directed and
managed the internal IT support for the IPA including finance, IT, project
management, applications development, quality assurance testing, production
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
support, training & adoption, executive operations, privacy & security and
network/infrastructure support.  Served as the CISO for policies, technical
security management, disaster recovery and business continuity. Designed
and led Governance & Executive Committees.
Mills Peninsula Medical Group IPA, Inc.
Director, Division of Physician Support Services / EMR Implementation
April 2006 - August 2007 (1 year 5 months)
Design, recruit and lead a new team to implement, deliver and support
software automation for physician practices; including point to point integrated
practice management solutions, electronic medical records, HL7 EDI
interfaces such as hospital labs, vendor labs, radiology results etc.  Post
implemenation support included software release management, workflow
evaluation and improvements and introduction of new product features such as
integrated EKG systems.
Blue Shield of California
Sr.Mgr. eBusiness
August 2004 - March 2006 (1 year 8 months)
Sr. Product Manager for Blue Shield of California's web presence. Responsible
for 
Product management of four portals: Consumer, Member, Provider, and
Producer. Business implementation and support for 6 IT Projects. Lead the
foundational/cross portal road map contributions for the 2006-2008 strategy.
Responsible for web analytics for on-line behavior, product changes, and
online adoption. Co-sponsored a unified support model with IT Operations
and IT Applications for a consolidated work request process, project
implementation and post implementation support.
Robert Half International
Manager, Project Services Group
2000 - 2004 (4 years)
DHL Worldwide Express
eCommerce Program Manager, Director
1992 - 2000 (8 years)
Education
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
California State University-Hayward - School of Business and
Economics
Bachelor's degree, Political Science and Government
University of Puget Sound
 
Page 5 of 5
