 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/torinkampa
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Xbox 360
PS3
Game Development
Torin Kampa
Chief Technology Officer at Unbroken Studios
Los Angeles, California, United States
Experience
Unbroken Studios
Chief Technology Officer
August 2017 - Present (6 years 8 months)
El Segundo, CA
Harry Potter: Quidditch Champions
Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League
Fractured Lands
Pound Sand
Technical Director
November 2013 - August 2017 (3 years 10 months)
El Segundo, CA
Unannounced Multiplayer PC/Console Shooter -
Built a level manager that streams and connects independent levels at
arbitrary transforms with full networking. Modified engine code and shaders
to support runtime translation/rotation of level light-maps and light-probes.
Created a table-driven frontend for players to trade resources and modify level
configurations, as well as the corresponding rest calls to the Azure/Mongo
backend. Developed a runtime thumbnailing system that asynchronously takes
configurable captures of objects, rooms, and top-down maps for use in the
frontend and hud. Extended the animation state machine with a one-state-
at-a-time view to mitigate “spider web” graphs. Added support for animation
graph inheritance across different skeletons. Implemented the game mode
and objectives, automatic team coloring for actors/levels, and built the AI via
dozens of custom behavior tree and environmental query nodes.
Fantastic Plastic Squad -
Created a generic, layered, blendable state machine that powers animation
transitions, physics state, camera pose, and other systems. Dynamically
detected and executed complex locomotion actions including ledge-grab,
wall-run, dodge, and melee. Developed the AI system that operates targeting,
pathfollowing, attacking, and jump navigation of a diverse vertical environment.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Built the casual “game-assist” mode that hands player control over to AI,
while allowing for manual overrides such as navigation destination and enemy
targeting. Architected an input layer that modularly handles the different control
schemes of twin-stick touch, game-assist touch, gamepad, keyboard/mouse,
and Apple TV remote. Optimized mobile runtime performance via extensive
memory/object pooling and aggressive update reduction.
Electronic Arts
Lead Engineer
November 2009 - November 2013 (4 years 1 month)
Playa Vista, CA | Stockholm, Sweden
Battlefield 4 -
Rewrote the AI locomotion and player vaulting systems. Created the contextual
peek and lean system for players. Added attachments and camo to weapon
pickups. Fixed bugs throughout the game including animation, weapons,
cinematics, AI, and scripting.
Frostbite Engine Team -
Creating runtime and workflow for a company-wide cinematics tool.
Medal of Honor Warfighter -
Firefighting multiple at-risk systems including AI animation, cinematics, rail-
rides, door breach, hit-reaction/death, and achievements. Key player in highly
successful internal (GPMM) and external (E3) demo pods.
Army of Two: The Devil's Cartel -
Created networked 3rd-person locomotion, cover, vault, and wounded systems
from scratch in the Frostbite 2 codebase. Rapid iteration with design and
animation saw reliably increasing and strong focus test scores. Participated in
demo pods that kept the project alive under intense executive scrutiny. In Oct
2011, the LA team was reassigned to help Warfighter while the Montreal team
continued work on the product.
Pandemic Studios
Gameplay Engineer
June 2009 - November 2009 (6 months)
Westwood, CA
Mercs Inc -
Took ownership of Zero Engine’s visual scripting system and extended it to
reliably support complex multiplayer objectives. After the improvements, we
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
went from one engineer per level to one engineer per three levels, with less
bugs.
Education
University of Southern California
B.S., Computer Science (Games) · (2005 - 2009)
 
Page 3 of 3
