 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tushar-
pathare (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microservices
ClickHouse
DOOH
Tushar Pathare
Founder and CTO at IMERZO
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 12+ years of industry expertise, I possess extensive
proficiency as        , ,   ,          .
I thrive on the complexities inherent in         , - settings. These
environments serve as fertile ground for  , ,   substantial contributions
that fuel organizational and customer triumph.
.
Experience
IMERZO
Founder and CTO
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Lemma
Architect
May 2022 - April 2023 (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
’      
● Architected the DOOH (Digital Out-of-Home) Ad Platform, ensuring its
seamless functionality, performance and low latency
● Enhanced the Ad Server architecture to effectively support and monetize
the CTV (Connected TV) platform, leveraging cutting-edge techniques and
technologies
● Explored, evaluated and deployed Geo DNS solution to optimize Ad Serving
’     
● Streamlined processing of billions of daily ad requests and associated
tracking events, each containing 100+ data segments
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
-      
, , ,   .
,  ,     ,  
PubMatic
8 years 5 months
Architect
April 2021 - May 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- saved tens of millions with tech and business optimizations
an Ad Serving architecture that efficiently processed 500     .
Conducted detail-oriented reviews and revisions of software designs to     ,
while also suggesting architectural enhancements.
Expertly resolved complex technical challenges and provided    for all post-
launch ad serving applications.
Implemented a   for application , , / , ,   .
Principal Software Engineer
January 2017 - April 2021 (4 years 4 months)
Pune Area, India
-     service to comply with the RTB protocol standard, enabling seamless
support for   . This involved complex and extensive modifications across critical
modules such as PMP, Auction, Impression Tracking, and data analytics.
Led the pivotal initiatives in        , an operating system. This strategic migration
yielded a  25%   .
Senior Software Engineer
January 2014 - December 2016 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Architected and guided the development process for a   .
Sokrati
Senior Software Engineer
February 2012 - January 2014 (2 years)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Designed and successfully delivered a -          .
Designed and implemented a set of  for the core platform, specifically focused
on     .
Conducted comprehensive reviews and made revisions to software designs
to   , while also   .
Persistent Systems
Software Engineer
January 2010 - January 2012 (2 years 1 month)
Collaborated with the performance optimization team to    through a series of
projects.
Redesigned the application to seamlessly integrate with a - .
Implemented an -   to significantly optimize data access rates.
Education
University of Pune
Master of Science (MSc), Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
University of Pune
Master's degree, Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
 
Page 3 of 3
