 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/v4vikash
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
REST
MySQL
jQuery
Certifications
Scrum: The Basics
Xcode Server: Continuous
Integration for iOS Developers
Automated Testing in Xcode
Honors-Awards
Gold Medal
Freshman of the Year
Cultural Color
Cultural Citation
Vikash Kumar
CTO at ZopSmart - Hiring for GoLang & ReactJS
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Web & Mobile Product Developer. Worked with various backend,
frontend and mobile technologies.
Experience
ZopSmart Technology
CTO
December 2018 - Present (5 years 4 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Building an awesome team to develop great products for retailers across the
globe
ZopNow
CTO
October 2011 - December 2018 (7 years 3 months)
Bangalore
Managing Technology
india.com
Product Manger
September 2010 - October 2011 (1 year 2 months)
Product Definition, Mockups, PRDs, Web Analytics implementation and
automated reporting interfaces for content and marketing performance.
Was responsible for creating cricketcountry.com from scratch and managed
zeenews.india.com as Product Manager.
SMSGupShup
2 years 9 months
Senior Software Engineer
January 2008 - September 2010 (2 years 9 months)
Hired and lead at team of several software engineers and consultants. Was
responsible for mentoring and ensuring their intellectual and personal growth
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Started the use of PHP in the company and played key role in development of
a robust infrastructure for
SMS applications. Helped the company to reduce its application development
cycle from weeks to days
Architected and programmed a scalable platform for payments using SMS and
printed scratch cards which was used by over a million people
Managed API track for the product ‘SMS GupShup’. Responsibilities included
planning for new APIs and development of products around it
Wrote a multilingual support and monitoring system which was deployed for
international application platform in several countries
Developed a broad range of enterprise grade applications for various clients
using PHP, MySQL, Shell Scripting and jQuery
Initiated a developer’s workshop program and conducted workshops for
SMSGupShup APIs in different colleges
Software Engineer
June 2008 - March 2010 (1 year 10 months)
Developed SMS based applications in PHP and mySql.
Worked on whole development cycle from specs writing to back-end and
front-end implementation and iteration based on data analysis of various
applications. 
Rapid prototyping of enterprise applications. 
Conducted workshops in colleges about SMS GupShup APIs and how to use it
for mutual benefit of developer and company.
TCS
Research Intern
May 2007 - July 2007 (3 months)
Successfully solved supply chain planning under uncertainty in market
demands using multi-objective genetic algorithm approach.
Incorporated Hammershley sampling method in NSGA II, a genetic algorithm
software to improve search procedure tremendously.
300% improved performance by designing problem specific crossover and
mutation operators.
Technology used: C/C++ , FORTRAN
Positive Delta Communications
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Web Developer
July 2006 - December 2006 (6 months)
Designed and developed the website of the company.
CollCraft
UI Developer
May 2006 - July 2006 (3 months)
Designed the interface for a corporate product named 'uhuroo'.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax etc.
Education
Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay
B.Tech.  · (2004 - 2008)
Science College
I.Sc., Physics, Chemistry, Maths · (2001 - 2003)
Netarhat School
10th  · (1997 - 2001)
 
Page 3 of 3
