 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
vimalgupta007 (LinkedIn)
www.mobikwik.com (Company)
Top Skills
Apache
Cloud Computing
MySQL
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Cloud Computing Foundation
(CLOUDF)
ITIL V3 (2011) Foundation Exam
Honors-Awards
Star Performer
Best Performer (kudos Award,
Management Category)
Best Team Award (Behind the
schene Category)
Top 100 CISO India
(INFOSecMaestro) Award
Innovative CIO 2017 India
Vimal Gupta
CIO | CTO | CISO | CDO | Devops | IT
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
Having been in techno-managerial role throughout his career,
Vimal Passionate about Designing enterprise Application / Infra
architecture aligned with the business goals and has helped the
organizations by leading key Tech projects
Specialties: Get The job Done Attitude with : Strategic, Innovative
and Futuristic use of IT and Technology.
Corporate Planning & aligning Technology Strategy to Business,
Enterprise Resource Planning, IT Integration, Technology
Infrastructure Architecture/ Optimization / scalability / Data
Security, Project Management, Change Management, Building high
performance teams, Vendor Management
CLOUD, NOSQL, MONGODB, HADOOP, HBASE, Elastic Search,
XEN, MySQL, CDN, Streaming, Redhat Cluster Suite, Storage
clusters.
Experience
HT Media Ltd
(Group) Head - IT/Infra, Devops & InfoSec
July 2020 - Present (3 years 9 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Bada Business Pvt. Ltd.
Chief Technology Officer & Product Head
August 2019 - June 2020 (11 months)
New Delhi Area, India
On a mission to increase SMEs contribution to India’s GDP to over 50% from
the current 8% by solving their Business's Burning Problems.
One MobiKwik Systems Pvt. Ltd.
Senior Vice President
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
June 2015 - July 2019 (4 years 2 months)
Gurgaon, India
Heading Production Engineering, IT,  Information Security and building India’s
leading wallet and payment gateway’s infrastructure. Established Information
Security, IT, NOC/SOC, DevOps teams from scratch. Working closely with
CEO to bridge the Technology with Business. 
Building the Next level Infrastructure for Mobikwik wallet, taking care of all
compliance, PCI-DSS, ISO27k1 and RBI CISA and setting up Tech processes.
Implementation of a new DC/DR Infra with PCI-DSS and other compliance,
Implementation of Cloud Infra. Guiding the Technology to the cutting edge
technology, processes and project management. 
Knowlarity Communications
Senior Director
July 2014 - June 2015 (1 year)
Gurgaon, India
Leading the production engineering of knowlarity, a Cloud telephony platform,
Directing Global team of 40 engineers including Sys-admin, 24x7 NOC,
DevOps – Automation, DevOps – Reliability.  Building the finest and most
efficient global cloud telephony Infrastructure for Knowlarity. 
Bridging the CIO-CMO-Product and IT-Engineering gap and exercises
sphere of influence spanning Technology, Marketing, Product, Finance, and
Operations. Manage global relationships with key vendors, consultants, and
license. Responsible for budgeting, technology selection and purchase. Part of
leadership team that envisions center of excellence, broad organization wide
business goals and its architecture, implementation.
Rocketalk Inc
Sr. Manager - Technology Operations
November 2010 - July 2014 (3 years 9 months)
Heading Technology Operations of RockeTalk and leads 3 Global teams of
great technology enthusiasts. one that manages "Data Centers, Production
Servers and Storage Infrastructure" of the company, Second that develops
system tools "DevOps" and other which provides 24x7 Global tech Help-desk
support.
The Role also involve project management, operator/client integrations with
RockeTalk platform ( from development to live).
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
MakeMyTrip.com
Deputy Manager
July 2008 - November 2010 (2 years 5 months)
Gurgaon, India
Taking care of all Infrastructure of Makemytrip.com Website. Work on Xen
virtualization on HP blades with RHEL 5.2, MySQL Enterprise 5.0 with Master-
Master/Master-Slave replication. Other includes Apache, Tomcat, Veritas
Backup, Big-IP Load Balancer (LTM/GTM) and many more.
Monster.com India Pvt. Ltd.
Sr. System Administrator
August 2005 - July 2008 (3 years)
Manages all Monster India Infra with 12 other countries job-sites like (monster
India, gulf, Brazil, Philippines etc.).
Tech Details:-   
Successfully Configured LIDS security on all live servers
Compilation and up-gradation of Kernel with LIDS.
Successfully Configured Q-mail communications.
Scripts to perform Daily Non-Administrative task for all users.
Successfully LVS configured.
Successfully implemented MySQL replication.
Various Scripts for backup monitoring etc.
Indiamart Intermesh Limited
System Administrator (Technology)
November 2004 - August 2005 (10 months)
Administration of Server Support  
1. Web Server (Apache / http)
2. FTP Server (user creation / data management)
3. MySQL Database (user creation / data management)
4. Software installation & Up gradation
5. Samba configuration  (Intranet file sharing for windows)
Administration of Server Monitoring 
1. MySQL Database Monitoring Queries status.
2. Bandwidth utilization Graph 
3. Backup & Restore using 
Administration of Server Security 
1. Security of Server & Network. (Hi-Tech Surveillance on live servers)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
2. Port Scanning / Audit of desired services (httpd/ vsftpd/ mysqld/ sshd/ etc)
Administration of Server Management Maintenance Report (Excel)
1. Server Auditing  / Server Check List
2. Tracking of MySQL queries (Deletion and Optimization)
3. Daily Server Space Availability Management (DSSAM)
Backup Management
1. Automated / Scheduled
2. Unscheduled (Maintenance Downtime) backups
Kadam Marketing Pvt. Ltd.
Technical Support Engineer
January 2003 - November 2004 (1 year 11 months)
Hardware / Software / Network management  - Servers/ Desktop machines/
Laptops/ test machines.
Linux / Window's Server configuration and management.
Education
Mahatma Gandhi University
Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA), Information
Technology · (2012 - 2013)
Indira Gandhi National Open University
PGDCA, Computer Science · (2003 - 2004)
Institution M.J.P.Rohilkhand University
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Mathematics; Physics; Chemistry · (1997 - 2000)
SK Collage
10+2, Science · (1995 - 1997)
 
Page 4 of 4
