 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vinayaklele
(LinkedIn)
Vinayak Lele
CTO, Director at Prescient Technologies Ltd
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Prescient Technologies Ltd
Director, CTO
January 2005 - Present (19 years 3 months)
I am heading the development team in Prescient Technologies, working as
the CTO. Prescient Technologies is a software development company with
strong software development skills in the areas of algorithmic development,
computational geometry and complex mathematics. We have worked in
very complex projects in the area of Computational geometry and Image
processing. We have developed some of our own technologies that are
licensed to clients all over the world. We have worked in CAD customization
for different modelers.
Some of the leading technology areas we have worked on:
Reverse engineering technologies:
We have developed a suite of technologies for reverse engineering data in the
form of cloud of points to mesh to NURB surfaces. Various algorithms based
on processing of point cloud data, mesh and NURB surfaces are developed by
Prescient and licensed to various clients.
Geometry kernel development:
We have developed a full fledged library for BRep representation with various
key features required for solid modeling like edge and vertex filleting, Boolean,
shelling and various model creation operators like sweep, revolve, loft,
extrusion.
Quadratic constraint optimization:
We have extensive experience in dealing with complex mathematical
algorithms. We have successfully implemented a “Quadratic function with
linear constraints” quadratic solver, using a variation of the “Interior point
algorithm”.
Video tracking software:
This software is for the purpose of tracking objects in video data across
frames. This is essentially a “video editing” software that allows user to track
various regions of interest based on the image data and to apply different
visual effects to the tracked objects.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Search Engine Optimization:
In this research level project, we have successfully implemented and
integrated different web technologies for the purpose of site optimization with
respect to performance against search engines.
3DPLM Software Solutions Ltd.
Senior Development Manager
June 2002 - December 2004 (2 years 7 months)
Geometric Software Solutions Ltd
Development Manager
September 1995 - May 2002 (6 years 9 months)
MSD-CAD, TELCO
M II (Software Engieer)
February 1994 - August 1995 (1 year 7 months)
Worked as a software engineer in the Turbo-Analyst (a CASE tool developed
and marketed by TELCO) development team.
Education
Indian Institute of Science (IISc)
ME, System Science & Automation · (1992 - 1993)
COEP Technological University
BE, Mechanical · (1988 - 1992)
 
Page 2 of 2
