 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vinod-
kumar-3913a519 (LinkedIn)
classicinfra.in (Company)
Top Skills
Project Planning
Team Management
Program Management
Vinod kumar
Chief Technology Officer (CTO) at Punj Corporation Pvt Limited
South Delhi, Delhi, India
Summary
Professional with 27 years of experience in Engineering and
Strategic Management.
Experience
Punj Corporation Pvt. Ltd.
Chief Technology Officer
November 2019 - Present (4 years 5 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
As Chief Technology Officer (CTO) responsible for all technical activities
related to Defence manufacturing under Make in India on Transfer of
Technology from Russian OEM. Established a Modern workshop with state of
art facilities for the manufacturing & Testing of Radiator, Oil Cooler and track
assembly of tanks T-72 & T-90. Currently handling a project of Manufacturing
and Supply of tank tracks, Radiators and Oil Coolers of tank T-90 on Single
tender basis under IGA for 05 years amounting INR 800 Cr.  Associated for the
tank related projects ie Overhaul of tank engines, MRO (Overhaul) of complete
tanks as GOCO projects. Handling Strategic Projects related to upgradation
and Modernisation of tanks and ICV BMP-2.
Prometrik Engineering Limited
President
March 2017 - October 2019 (2 years 8 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
As President (Defence & Aerospace) handling some important projects ie
Manufacturing of Mine plough of tanks, manufacturing of Side Gear box and
Intermediate Gear Box for tank T-72 , T-90 & ICV BMP-2, Mobility Upgrade
of ICV BMP-2 and Bullet Proofing of Vehicles for Armed Forces and PMFs.
Interacting with Foreign OEM of tanks and ICV BMPs
Walchandnagar Industries Limited
Sr General Manager (Defence & Aerospace)
July 2015 - February 2017 (1 year 8 months)
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Strategic Business Development in Defence and Aerospace field. Active
participation in Defence related seminars by CII, FICCI, ASSOCHEM, PHD
Chamber of Commerce in Delhi. Interaction with Senior Officials at MoD
and Services HQ. Expert in DPP-2016, DPM, Defence Procurement Manual
and Revised Procurement Policies in Indian Defence Sector. Adviser to Top
Management on Strategic Business Development in Defence Sector.
Rosoboronterra India Pvt Ltd
3 years 8 months
Vice President
January 2015 - June 2015 (6 months)
Strategic Planning. Formulation and Implementation of  Company Policy
as per decisions of Board of Directors. Business development and Project
management. Rendering advice to the directors on Defence procurement
matters. Planing and conducting meetings with JV partner companies on
expansion of business. Associated with the Project about MRO of Defence
Land system Equipments.
Sr GM
November 2011 - December 2014 (3 years 2 months)
Delhi
As Senior General Manager, I was involve in Strategic planning and the
futuristic projects of the company. I was attending meetings with our Foreign
partners, Ministers and  top govt officials of various ministries. With the
association of foreign OEM, planning provisioning of Comprehensive After
Sales Engineering Support Service to Russian origin Land based equipment in
Indian Armed Forces.  Preparation of DPR for the MRO of tanks and engines.
Army
Colonel
July 1991 - October 2011 (20 years 4 months)
As commanding officer of Armoured Division EME Battalion, I commanded a
force of 1700 personnel and provided Engineering support to all tanks, guns,
Air defence vehicles, specialist vehicles and other war like equipment of an
Armoured Division. I was General Manager in Army Tank Repair Factory
where all tanks and specialist vehicles were overhauled. Planning, resource
management and conduct of MRO of tanks T-72 and Pilot Overhaul of tank
T-90.
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Education
Sikkim Manipal University of Health, Medical and Technological
Sciences
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Human Resources Management/
Personnel Administration, General · (2011 - 2013)
Defense services staff college Wellington
Dssc - 58  · (2002 - 2003)
University of Madras
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Defence Studies · (2002 - 2003)
Jawaharlal Nehru Vishvavidyalaya
Master of Technology (M.Tech.), Mechanical Engineering · (1999 - 2001)
 
Page 3 of 3
