CTO/Lawrence Baisch.txt CTO/Dan Huang.txt CTO/Manoj Mathew.txt CTO/Vishwajeet Singh.txt CTO/Tushar Pathare.txt CTO/Urvashi T.txt CTO/Manmeet Dhody.txt CTO/Sanjay Kataria.txt CTO/Ted Gaubert.txt CTO/Aaron Elmore.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lrbaisch
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SaaS
Enterprise Software
Pre-sales
Languages
Russian (Limited Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Patents
Methods and Systems for
Certification, Analysis and Valuation
of Music Catalogs
Lawrence Baisch
Chief Technology Officer at RYAILITI, LLC
United States
Summary
Experienced executive with a demonstrated history of success
in the computer software industry. Throughout my career, I have
enabled customers and partners in the healthcare, financial services,
entertainment and government sectors to achieve success with
enterprise technology initiatives. Skilled in Requirements Analysis,
Enterprise Software, Business Development, Agile Methodologies,
and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). I'm also a proven
technological entrepreneurship professional with Master of Science
(M.Sc.) and Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) degrees
from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Experience
RYAILITI LLC
Chief Technology Officer
April 2018 - Present (6 years)
United States
Luminous Systems, LLC
Founder and Chief Executive Officer
October 2003 - Present (20 years 6 months)
United States
Over the past 15+ years, Luminous Systems has provided enterprise-class
cloud computing strategies, delivered production solutions and executed
interim executive assignments forclients in the financial services, healthcare/
life sciences, higher education and entertainment sectors. A key differentiator
has and continues to be the ability to source the right talent at the right time for
project engagements.  
Aizon 
Chief Customer Success Officer
May 2020 - July 2022 (2 years 3 months)
United States
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Responsible for initial delivery, expansion and on-going technical support of all
AI-powered solutions deployed for Aizon customers.
Salesforce
Enterprise Architect
September 2017 - December 2019 (2 years 4 months)
New York, United States
Led the development and delivery of cloud strategy to enterprise customers
in the healthcare/life sciences and financial services industries.  Delivered
support to pre-sales activities via enterprise systems mapping, migration
recommendations and Salesforce multi-cloud org configuration strategies.
Deloitte
Analytics Team Lead
December 2014 - July 2017 (2 years 8 months)
San Francisco, California, United States
Engaged by Deloite's ERM practice to build the initial version of the Enterprise
Risk Analytics Platform.  A cloud-based workbench environment that enabled
risk analysts and data scientists to rapidly develop scenarios and projected
outcomes based on multi-dimensional cognitive analysis of very large
datasets.
Education
Michigan State University
Bachelor's degree, Economics/Social Science and Humanities
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Information Technology
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Computer and Information Science
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/yuzeh
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Python
C++
Java
Dan Huang
Chief Technology Officer at Northbeam
San Francisco Bay Area
Experience
Northbeam
Chief Technology Officer
November 2019 - Present (4 years 5 months)
MTailor
Lead Engineer and Data Scientist
October 2014 - October 2019 (5 years 1 month)
Developed software and operational processes for critical business functions.
- Used machine learning to develop clothing fit algorithms that decreased our
returns rate by over 20%.
- Built internal supply chain management software completely from scratch.
- Developed processes for forecasting fabric supply levels and predicting
outages.
- Built a web-based shopping experience (https://www.mtailor.com/shop).
- Built the consumer Android app from the ground up.
Twitter
Software Engineer
January 2013 - September 2014 (1 year 9 months)
Software development, design, and operational support for a distributed
system that detects news events in real time using text clustering techniques
Stanford University
CS229 (Machine Learning) Course Assistant
September 2012 - December 2012 (4 months)
Twitter
Software Engineer Intern
June 2012 - September 2012 (4 months)
Building interesting things for Trends!
Stanford University
Research Assistant
September 2010 - June 2012 (1 year 10 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Used unsupervised feature learning models for language and speech tasks,
currently researching the use of keystroke patterns as a behavioral biometric
Google
Software Engineering Intern
June 2010 - September 2010 (4 months)
Web development on an internal application
iControl Networks
Engineering Intern
June 2009 - July 2010 (1 year 2 months)
Data reporting, software testing - developed a data reporting tool for internal
and external use
Document Solutions Group
Trial Developer
June 2008 - September 2008 (4 months)
Created electronic clinical response forms for clients.
Education
Stanford University
BS, Mathematics, Computer Science · (2008 - 2012)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/manmat
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Software Development
Requirements Analysis
Agile Methodologies
Honors-Awards
Spot Award for Best Performance
10 US Patents
Achiever Award - Innovation and
Productivity
Patents
Transmission of Medical Image data
Parallel Processing for generating a
thinned image
Timing of Displayed Objects
Image Labeling using Parallel
Processing
Processing of medical image data
Manoj Mathew
Chief Technology Officer
Greater Los Angeles, California, United States
Summary
My focus has been on strategies which takes a deep dive into
market dynamics and customers’ needs by ushering a potent mix
of business acumen and technology. My hands on development
and business experience with background in engineering and
business have allowed me to spearhead numerous major projects
with high-level vision for leadership and ground-level understanding
for oversight. 
I help align the team to ensure customers get their needs met in a
seamless fashion. I help focus on execution of a plan and constantly
test results and fine tune for peak performance.
I’m a proven operating executive with significant turnaround and
growth experience, successful with generating profits and creating
shareholder value in both public and private companies by aligning
strategies with customer and market demands. 
My passion for algorithms, problem solving and deep-dive into
details has helped in obtaining 7 Patents and number of Patent
pending applications with the US Patents & Trademark office
(USPTO).
Today, my role is to create and refine a business vision along with
the stakeholders of your organization and to act as a sounding
board and thought leader as we break that vision down into
development deliverables' with a focus on ROI. Through years of
industry experience working with large companies in research &
development, business development, and account management, I
like to see and see business thrive by being a transformation agent
by using technology as a vehicle that powers progress.
Leadership
• Turnarounds & Transformation
• Change Leadership
• ROI Focused
 
Page 1 of 9
 
 
Business Development
• Strategic Marketing with analytics and business intelligence
• Global Business Development 
• Focus on Revenue growth 
• Account Management
Engineering Strategy
• Business Problem Solving & Approach
• Process Optimization
• Model Driven Development
• Enterprise Modelling and Specialty Engineering
• Corporate and New Venture
Experience
LendingUSA
7 years 5 months
Chief Technology Officer
November 2016 - Present (7 years 5 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
LendingUSA is a technology-driven financing solution that gives merchants
the power to offer affordable financing to their customers - right at the point
of sale. LendingUSA was recognized as the #1 “Emerging Lending Platform
of the Year” of 2018 at Lendit for the company with the "greatest potential to
impact the future of online lending."
As a technology leader within the organization, my focus is to produce
seamless synergy between  organizational goals and empower cross-
functional teams to collaborate towards optimizing our talent and capabilities. 
Product Development - Architect and provide leadership to the innovative
technology platform for all aspects of the loan origination, sales, marketing and
servicing process. 
Strategic Planning - Achieve and exceed organizational goals by identifying
and prioritizing development initiatives and setting timetables
 
Page 2 of 9
 
 
Collaboration - Establish governance processes to ensure that objectives are
achieved risks are managed appropriately
Security - Design and execution of information security plan that protects
organizational confidentiality and integrity
PM - Establish and supervise the software development process setting
objectives with measurable metrics and transparency
Quality - Establish and supervise a quality assurance process. Establish
application deployment process and critical production systems
Customer Service - Establish customer service and DevOps process. Establish
tech driven process to support resolution of customer issues and improve
application usability 
Ops and Compliance - Maintain up-to-date knowledge of industry trends,
regulatory environments and emerging technologies
A sense of Humor and Compassion – Amid all these buzzwords, we tend
to forget what we as social beings strive for; to be recognized and provide
a sense of ownership and allay the fears of making mistakes. As a servant
leader, a passionate and empowered team brings cheer, no matter what the
season.
Head of Servicing & Collections
October 2019 - June 2023 (3 years 9 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
LendingUSA is a technology-driven financing solution that gives merchants
the power to offer affordable financing to their customers - right at the point
of sale. LendingUSA was recognized as the #1 “Emerging Lending Platform
of the Year” of 2018 at Lendit for the company with the "greatest potential to
impact the future of online lending."
As the head of Servicing & Collections, my focus has been to lead high-
performing customer service and collections team, leveraging the power of
technology. Have valuable insights into risk-driven decisioning at origination,
post funding data-driven analytics becomes much more pertinent. My role
involves strategic decision making related to every customer interaction
throughout their lifecycle, introducing products and tools suitable to handle
 
Page 3 of 9
 
 
lifestyles and credit situations. The ultimate goal being to help the company
continue to evolve its business with the customer at the center of every
interaction.
TransUnion
Board Member - Financial Services Technology Advisory
June 2022 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Greater Chicago Area
Collaborate with Industry peers and TransUnion's leadership to share insights
and opportunities around the financial sector, emerging disruptors, challenges
and best practices.
ServicingUSA
Head of Servicing & Collections
March 2020 - June 2023 (3 years 4 months)
Los Angeles Metropolitan Area
LendFoundry
Chief Technology Officer and Co-Founder
December 2013 - October 2016 (2 years 11 months)
As a technology and Marketplace lending domain leader within the
organization, my responsibility has been to identify complex business
and technology problems and transform them to be enablers for the new
generation marketplace and traditional lenders. 
From a strategic standpoint, leveraging the strength of Microservices as a way
of designing software as suites of independently deployable services has been
paramount to the overall strategy. My focus also has been to empower and
nurture cross-functional teams for rapid provisioning, monitoring, application
development, adopt cloud scale design patterns, cultivate a solid DevOps
culture and nurture a culture which embraces change and consciously adopts
it. 
So, what is the cure to Insomnia? Get comfortable with
- .NET Core
- NodeJS
- MongoDB
- Cloud Design Patterns
- Mesosphere
- Domain Driven Design 
 
Page 4 of 9
 
 
- Microservices and related WebAPI
- Docker
- Javascript
- Angular
- React
- Polymer
- Rancher
- AWS Lambda
- Python
- Test Automation
If you are not asleep yet, try the following
- Risk-based lending platform development
- Identity Management
- Device and Digital Identity
- Fraud Identification and Prevention
- Threat Detection
- Authentication
- Risk-based pricing, Rules and decisioning Engine
- Document Management
- ACH Processing
- Loan Servicing
- Collections Management
And here comes the dose to ensure that you are fully asleep
- Nurture and build a cohesive leadership team
- Create and reinforce clarity 
- Communicate with team and set expectations
- Empower, equip, RINSE and REPEAT
So, what is leadership overall:
Leadership is a process of interactive influence which maximizes the efforts of
others toward the achievement of a greater good for the organization.
Sigma Infosolutions
12 years 6 months
Sr. Vice President - Client Services
October 2014 - September 2016 (2 years)
Irvine, CA
 
Page 5 of 9
 
 
Sigma Infosolutions is a recognized leader in delivering proven business
and IT solutions for SMB's and large organizations. We leverage decades of
business process, vertical industry, and leading-edge technology experience
to understand each organizations unique needs. From business strategy
development through application deployment, we are committed to helping
clients quickly realize measurable business value and achieve sustainable
ROI.
- Lead and manage industry practitioners in FinTech, Insurance, Mobility, Real
Estate & Internet Retail by providing strategic direction and fostering cross
team collaboration.
- Develop a shared vision, know when and how to put together teams to solve
problems.
- Select and empower team members and individual assignments and
influence others at all levels of the organization.
- Identify Alliance relationships and leverage them for client success
- Encourage high standards of performance and inspire teams to define new
opportunities and continuously improve the organization
Director and Co-Founder
April 2004 - September 2014 (10 years 6 months)
Irvine, CA
Sigma Infosolutions is a global IT & Product Engineering services company.
Sigma Infosolutions specializes in the execution of strategic initiatives for
business leaders. We represent an organization dedicated towards providing
intelligent and reliable IT solutions for all your growing business needs. Sigma
Infosolutions is headquartered in Irvine, CA has operations in India as well.
The India Development Center is located in Bangalore and Ahmedabad. The
company is expanding its network in other cities across India. We are an ISO
9001: 2008 & ISO 27001: 2005 certified company. 
Our expertise is in understanding vague requirements of businesses &
transforming them into ROI based software solutions. Customization of
solutions to meet individual business needs has been our biggest strength and
most important reason for success. We provide a range of execution-oriented
services to a diversified, global client base in a variety of industries.
Canon Information & Imaging Solutions
Sr. Lead Engineer
March 2001 - August 2013 (12 years 6 months)
Irvine, CA
 
Page 6 of 9
 
 
- Research new technologies, prototyping
- Innovation and Engineering Development
- New Product Development 
- Link technologies to add value to business
Technologies
Programming: C, C++, Microsoft .NET (C# and ASP.net), Java, Grails, PHP,
Python, Ruby on Rails (RoR), Node.js
Databases: SQL Server, NoSQL (MongoDB, CouchDB, Cassandra, Hbase,
Neo4j), MySQL
Frameworks: WCF, WPF, Zend, MapReduce, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS,
Kendo UI
Web Services: REST, SOAP
Platforms: Windows, Linux, Clusters, Mobile (Android and iOS)
Others: Machine Learning, Computer Vision (OpenCV, OpenCL), Hadoop,
GridGain, Cluster Computing, GPGPU Programming (CUDA, OpenGL,
DirectX)
Infosys
Sr. Systems Analyst
February 1998 - February 2001 (3 years 1 month)
Bengaluru Area, India
As a part of the Infosys Banking Group (EdgeVerve - Finacle) drove innovation
which is powering 16.5 % of world’s banked population. The Finacle Banking
Solution suite has been rated the industry leader by independent analysts
for several years now. The solution suite comprises a comprehensive set
of solutions to address a range of requirements for digital age retail banks.
You can choose one or any combination of these componentized solutions to
power your bank’s digital transformation at your own pace.
Finacle is used by banks across 84 countries that serve over 450 million
customers.
Some of the functional areas that were developed are:
- Core Banking
- Online Banking
- Mobile Banking
- Digital Wallet
- Analytics
 
Page 7 of 9
 
 
- Treasury
- Payments 
- Loan Origination & Servicing
- CRM 
Roles Included
- Software Design & Architecture
- Software Development
- Requirement Analysis
- Project Lead and Management
Finacle was identified as a long term leader by Forrester for offering
comprehensive banking functionalities. 
Finacle from Infosys was positioned as the leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant
for International Retail Core Banking.
IDC Financial Insights released in its new IDC MarketScape report, and noted
Infosys-Finacle as a "leader". The solution is considered to exhibit high levels
of strategic vision, demonstrable an ability to deliver functionality and support
to their clients. 
Finacle Mobile Banking and e-Banking solutions were rated as ‘Best-in-Class’
for security and authentication capabilities and enterprise support, in a report
published by CEB TowerGroup analysts
Finacle was recognized as a leader among Omnichannel Banking Solutions.
Reliance Industries
Assistant Manager
August 1996 - February 1998 (1 year 7 months)
Instrumentation and Controls, Software Control Systems, Distributed Control
System, Project Planning and Co-ordination
Education
Indian Institute Of Information Technology Allahabad 
MBA, Information Technology · (1998 - 2000)
Doctor Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University
 
Page 8 of 9
 
 
BS, Electronics · (1992 - 1996)
 
Page 9 of 9
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
singhvishwajeet (LinkedIn)
vishwajeetsingh.com (Personal)
Top Skills
Presales
Global Delivery
People Management
Vishwajeet Singh
CTO | Entrepreneur | Atlassian Expert
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Experienced Serial Entrepreneur | Subject Matter Expert for
Atlassian Tools | Agile , DevOps, Project Management, and ALM
Specialist
With a passion for innovation and a track record of success, I
am a serial entrepreneur who has worked extensively in both the
enterprise and consumer spaces. I specialize in leveraging Atlassian
tools such as Jira, Jira Agile, Jira Service Desk, and Confluence
as a subject matter expert, empowering companies of all sizes to
maximize their ROI from their ALM/DevOps tools infrastructure.
Over the past decade, I have honed my expertise in the DevOps,
Project Management, and ALM domains. I have collaborated with
numerous startups, guiding them in implementing best practices and
achieving seamless integration of their development and operations
processes. With a deep understanding of the industry, I have
trained over 1000 professionals on various Atlassian and DevOps
tools, equipping them with the skills to drive efficient workflows and
achieve exceptional results.
Passionate about open source technologies and the potential
they hold, I have dedicated my career to harnessing the power of
Atlassian tools, DevOps, CI/CD, and automation. I have hands-
on experience in coding with Python and Java, having developed
web applications from scratch and created custom integrations and
plugins for Atlassian tools.
Currently, I am excited about the intersection of NLP, AI, and
deep learning with DevOps. My focus lies in exploring innovative
ways to enhance the adoption and overall experience of DevOps
methodologies through cutting-edge technologies. By leveraging
these advancements, I aim to revolutionize the industry and drive
continuous improvement in software development practices.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Let's connect to explore opportunities to collaborate and drive
transformative change in the DevOps landscape.
Experience
Amrut Software 
5 years 10 months
Chief Operating Officer
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Managing Sales and Delivery @ Amrut .
Chief Technology Officer
June 2018 - Present (5 years 10 months)
Pune Area, India
EZMove.in
Co Founder
July 2013 - May 2018 (4 years 11 months)
Pune Area, India
Sensible Softwares Private Limited
Co Founder
November 2009 - July 2013 (3 years 9 months)
Pune Area, India
Responsible for driving development of SAAS project management tool
BootStrapToday.
Geometric Ltd.
3 years 2 months
Senior Software Engineer
August 2009 - November 2009 (4 months)
Pune Area, India
Instrumental in setting up Enterprise ALM Infrastructure for Geometric
Software Engineer
October 2006 - August 2009 (2 years 11 months)
Pune Area, India
Instrumental in setting up Enterprise ALM Infrastructure for Geometric
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Installed & Managed various tools  like Subversion, Jira, Quickbuild, Source
Monitor etc
Developed plugins for Jira for automatic project initiation , integration with
MSP , SAP & Salesforce.
Understanding business requirements and translating them to tool
configurations & customisation.
Defined & Setup workflows for HR, PMO, Inside Sales, Legal in Jira  
Education
Army Institute of Technology
BE, Mechanical · (2002 - 2006)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tushar-
pathare (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microservices
ClickHouse
DOOH
Tushar Pathare
Founder and CTO at IMERZO
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 12+ years of industry expertise, I possess extensive
proficiency as        , ,   ,          .
I thrive on the complexities inherent in         , - settings. These
environments serve as fertile ground for  , ,   substantial contributions
that fuel organizational and customer triumph.
.
Experience
IMERZO
Founder and CTO
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Lemma
Architect
May 2022 - April 2023 (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
’      
● Architected the DOOH (Digital Out-of-Home) Ad Platform, ensuring its
seamless functionality, performance and low latency
● Enhanced the Ad Server architecture to effectively support and monetize
the CTV (Connected TV) platform, leveraging cutting-edge techniques and
technologies
● Explored, evaluated and deployed Geo DNS solution to optimize Ad Serving
’     
● Streamlined processing of billions of daily ad requests and associated
tracking events, each containing 100+ data segments
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
-      
, , ,   .
,  ,     ,  
PubMatic
8 years 5 months
Architect
April 2021 - May 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- saved tens of millions with tech and business optimizations
an Ad Serving architecture that efficiently processed 500     .
Conducted detail-oriented reviews and revisions of software designs to     ,
while also suggesting architectural enhancements.
Expertly resolved complex technical challenges and provided    for all post-
launch ad serving applications.
Implemented a   for application , , / , ,   .
Principal Software Engineer
January 2017 - April 2021 (4 years 4 months)
Pune Area, India
-     service to comply with the RTB protocol standard, enabling seamless
support for   . This involved complex and extensive modifications across critical
modules such as PMP, Auction, Impression Tracking, and data analytics.
Led the pivotal initiatives in        , an operating system. This strategic migration
yielded a  25%   .
Senior Software Engineer
January 2014 - December 2016 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Architected and guided the development process for a   .
Sokrati
Senior Software Engineer
February 2012 - January 2014 (2 years)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Designed and successfully delivered a -          .
Designed and implemented a set of  for the core platform, specifically focused
on     .
Conducted comprehensive reviews and made revisions to software designs
to   , while also   .
Persistent Systems
Software Engineer
January 2010 - January 2012 (2 years 1 month)
Collaborated with the performance optimization team to    through a series of
projects.
Redesigned the application to seamlessly integrate with a - .
Implemented an -   to significantly optimize data access rates.
Education
University of Pune
Master of Science (MSc), Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
University of Pune
Master's degree, Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/urvashityagi
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Software Development
Cloud Computing
Product Management
Honors-Awards
Robert H. Goddard Alumni Award
for Outstanding Professional
Achievement
30+ Successful Alumni of Worcester
Polytechnic Institute
Top 100 CIOs and CTOs as part of
2021 Tech Inclusion conference
Top 100 Leaders in Technology
Publications
Putting Technology—and
Technologists—First: Digital
Transformation at ADP
Stay Focused on Customer
Experience for Digital
Transformation Success
GirlHacks Went Virtual, Projects
Focused on COVID-19 and Social
Justice
There’s a diversity problem in the
tech industry and it’s not getting any
better
The East by Northeast
Urvashi T.
Chief Technology Officer
United States
Summary
Entrepreneurial Technologist and Engineering Leader with over two
decades experience spanning consumer and enterprise platforms
and applications, at ADP, Amex, Amazon, Microsoft, IBM, Hedge
fund, Academia, and Startups.
Responsible for global engineering teams for product strategy,
design, architecture, development, delivery, and post-production
support of highly scalable and reliable software systems and
services.
At ADP, set up the Office of the CTO to lead the company's
technology transformation, establish a long-term technology vision
and strategy, converge user experience across the portfolio,
rationalize tech stacks, build shared services, modernize developer
experience.
At Amex, streamlined product investments, built the leadership team,
launched Amex-Amazon co-branded products for B2B, embedded
AI/ML capabilities into commercial products.
At Audiobooks division of Amazon, led the launch of mobile store
worldwide, led the evolution to a microservices architecture,
launched platform for international expansion, led entry into the
enterprise business, built machine learning-enabled search traffic
and marketing technology teams focusing on growth, engagement,
and monetization.
At Microsoft, worked on Office platform and applications to deliver
Office 365 and Exchange services. At IBM, worked on the Rational
line of products. Earlier, held various engineering leadership roles at
start-ups, academia, and in computer-aided manufacturing.
I am passionate about delivering meaningful products to users,
scaling teams and architecture, and building technology that
eliminates barriers to business growth.
 
Page 1 of 6
 
 
I have been a speaker at conferences and events for ADP, Amex,
Amazon, Microsoft, IBM, and panelist, judge at events, hackathons,
universities, particularly for tech talks, diversity in tech, and
technology for social good.
[Views expressed here are my own and do not reflect the views of
my employer]
Experience
ResMed
Chief Technology Officer
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Responsible for technology strategy and delivery of global customer-facing
products, data, AI, core platforms, corporate infrastructure, and corporate
systems.
AdvaMed
Member Board of Directors
July 2023 - Present (9 months)
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Board Member
2018 - Present (6 years)
Bringing educational institutions in STEM closer to the industry needs of
tomorrow
Various Early Stage Companies
Limited Partner and Advisor
September 2017 - Present (6 years 7 months)
Angel investor and advisor in SaaS/Cloud companies.
ADP
Chief Technology Officer
September 2019 - January 2022 (2 years 5 months)
Greater New York City Area
Global Products & Technology
American Express
 
Page 2 of 6
 
 
Vice President, Global Head of Commercial Data Engineering
October 2017 - September 2019 (2 years)
Greater New York City Area
Commercial Payments, Global Data Platform for Operations and Analytics,
B2B data integrations, AI/ML Center of Excellence for commercial business,
Launched Amex-Amazon co-branded card for business
Amazon
Director Of Engineering
May 2014 - October 2017 (3 years 6 months)
Greater New York City Area
Amazon Audiobooks - Audible
Launched mobile store worldwide, Evolved tech stack from monolithic to
microservices, Launched a scalable platform for international expansion,
Lead entry into the enterprise business (B2B), Built CRM and Search Traffic
technology teams focused on growth, engagement, monetization
CRM Systems and Marketing Technology:
- Built systems that empowered digital marketers to engage with customers,
using the right content,  at the right time, and on their channel of preference.
Leveraging automation, personalization, data science, and machine learning,
systems built to scale and deployed globally
Speaker & Panelist@
WPI WIN Grant Awards: Keynote speaker
Women Engineer's conference We17: Speaker - The Case of Two Gigs
NYC Lean Interns: Speaker - Stay In & Thrive, https://
leaninternaudible.splashthat.com/
Girls Who Code - Panelist
NYC Pre Grace Hopper - Panelist
Audible Women's group: Speaker - Diversity in Tech, Why Efforts Fail?
iCIMS
Senior Engineering Manager
2013 - 2014 (1 year)
New York City Metropolitan Area
Oversaw software development, automation, performance engineering.
Responsible for setting the vision, goals, strategy, architecture, agile teams.
 
Page 3 of 6
 
 
Bridgewater Associates
Technology in Client Services
2013 - 2013 (less than a year)
Microsoft
Senior Engineering Manager
2008 - 2013 (5 years)
Greater New York City Area
Application & Services Division, Microsoft Office Division, Servers & Tools
Business
- Managed and shipped releases in Office, Exchange Online, Office 365
Service, Application Virtualization
- Managed Software Development Engineering, Build Engineering and
Dogfood teams, focusing on continuous integration, automated verification and
deployments
Conference Speaker, Tech Talk@ 
Debugging Application Virtualization for third party development
https://tr10.mytechready.com/
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TechEd
http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/events/mvpsummit/
Guest Speaker@http://sqgne.org/2009-10.html
http://www.wpi.edu/academics/cs/career-outlook.html
IBM
Team Lead, Architect
September 2003 - October 2008 (5 years 2 months)
Greater Boston Area
IBM Software Group
- Shipped releases for Requirements Management product line, Configuration
Management, various cross-product integrations
-Architected a multi-product solution to address business problem of
regulatory compliance, presented at RSDC conference. Also speaker at Voice
conference, and customer residencies 
-Nominated and selected for IBM Technical Resource program, executive
leadership program (only 13 participants from IBM WW), IBM Ambassador for
Academic Initiative for 3 years
 
Page 4 of 6
 
 
Conference Speaker@
https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/rsdc
NuGenesis Technologies (acquired by Waters Corp.)
Software Engineer
May 2001 - September 2003 (2 years 5 months)
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Student Advisor, Curriculum and Admissions committee
2000 - 2001 (1 year)
Worcester, MA
Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad
Academic Associate
July 1998 - July 2000 (2 years 1 month)
Ahmedabad Area, India
Facilitated management program, published case studies, provided consulting
services, conducted industry analysis, proposed technology implementations
Guest Speaker@
http://www.isro.org/isrocentres/sac.aspx;
http://www.anarchem.com/about-anar.php
Center for Development of Advanced Computing
Visiting Faculty
2000 - 2000 (less than a year)
Ahmedabad Area, India
- Taught Computer Science courses to industry executives including from
government organizations
- Designed custom curriulum for system design, software development, and
software testing for employees at Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO),
conducted training programs
Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India
Adjunct Faculty
1999 - 2000 (1 year)
Ahmedabad Area, India
Professor of Operations Research and Management, at ICFAI buisness school
 
Page 5 of 6
 
 
Batliboi Ltd
Senior Design Engineer
1994 - 1999 (5 years)
Surat, Gujarat, India
Education
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Master of Science (M.S.)   · (2000 - 2001)
Veer Narmad South Gujarat University
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  · (1998 - 2000)
Birla Vishvakarma Mahavidyalaya
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)  · (1990 - 1994)
 
Page 6 of 6
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/manmeet-
dhody-01710a2 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Software Development
Enterprise Software
Algorithms
Manmeet Dhody
Chief Technology Officer Paytm
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
Enabling business and people through technology. 
Experience
Paytm
4 years
Chief Technology Officer
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Chief Technology Officer - Payments
April 2020 - May 2023 (3 years 2 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
RIOT LABZ PRIVATE LIMITED
Board Member
June 2022 - November 2023 (1 year 6 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Amazon
7 years 10 months
Director Software Development
November 2015 - March 2020 (4 years 5 months)
Senior Manager, Software Development Engineering
June 2012 - October 2015 (3 years 5 months)
Microsoft
6 years 6 months
Principal Development Lead
September 2011 - June 2012 (10 months)
Senior Development Lead
January 2006 - September 2011 (5 years 9 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Work in the Bing team and own multiple services that ship as part of the Bing
search experience.
Quark
Director
1999 - 2006 (7 years)
Education
Delhi College of Engineering
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering · (1991 - 1995)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
mrsanjaykataria (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
CTO
Technical Leadership
Perl
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Sanjay Kataria
Chief Technology Officer
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Diligent, energetic Technology Leader with broad multi platform
(mobile, connected devices, web) consumer software experience. A
team focused approach & ability to mentor teams to achieve stretch
goals and deliver quality products in fast-paced settings. Possess
excellent communication, collaboration, leadership, hands-on coding,
and analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience in developing a tech center from ground up with
40+ employees and growing, looking after Staff Management &
Development, Recruitment, Vendor Evaluation and Management,
Project Management, Organizational Planning, Financial Planning
and Management.
I am always interested in talking and exchanging ideas on: Mobile
Learning, Home Automation, Voice enabled products/services, AI &
Startups. 
• Masters in Computer Science with a Gold Medal (1st Rank) from
Pune University with more than 19+ years of software industry
experience. 
• Diverse experience in Client handling and working in multi-cultural
teams in UK/Europe & North America with companies like Motorola,
Nokia, Sony, Fujitsu, Good Technologies, DTS (XPeri).
• I consider myself an advanced C / Python developer and am
passionate about developing quality software in C / Python. Anyone
needs help give me a shout.
• I get very excited & passionate about Startups, New Tech Ideas
and would love to help/engage in such initiatives.
Experience
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Upperthrust Technologies Private Limited
Consulting CTO 
January 2024 - Present (3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
logituit
Vice President - Mobility
May 2014 - March 2024 (9 years 11 months)
Pune
Currently working a Vice President - Mobility, developing logituit - (former
emTarang TechLabs Pvt Ltd) Pune center, and also working on multiple
Mobile Apps & Security projects as Architect.
Sony Electronics
Technical Delivery Manager - Security
August 2010 - June 2015 (4 years 11 months)
Bangalore
Equivital, U.K - (Former Hidalgo Limited)
Lead Engineer
December 2008 - May 2010 (1 year 6 months)
Nokia, U.K.
Senior Software Engineer
September 2008 - December 2008 (4 months)
Motorola Inc, Cambridge, UK
Senior Software Engineer
August 2006 - August 2008 (2 years 1 month)
Ruksun Software Technologies Pvt Ltd. Pune (Now known as Amiga
India Development)
Technical Lead
2003 - 2006 (3 years)
Education
Master of Computer Science - University of Pune
M.C.S, Computers · (2001 - 2003)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Bachelor of Computer Science - University of Pune
B.C.S, Computers · (1999 - 2001)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tedgaubert
(LinkedIn)
goo.gl/kEQ9BL (Personal)
Top Skills
Artificial Intelligence
Data Science
Machine Learning
Publications
Highly parallel fabrication
of nanopatterned surfaces
with nanoscale orthogonal
biofunctionalization imprint
lithography
Modulation of Endothelial Cell
Migration via Manipulation of
Adhesion Site Growth Using
Nanopatterned Surfaces
Nanoscale orthogonal
biofunctionalization imprint
lithography (NOBIL) and its
applications for studying nanoscale
cell surface interactions
Ted Gaubert, PhD, MBA
Chief Technology Officer
Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex
Summary
Ted Gaubert serves as Chief Technology Officer at Graphite.
Prior to Graphite, he was Chief Technology Officer of Global Product
Engineering at Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE: DNB), a leading provider
of data, analytics, SaaS, and API products. His engineering teams
were responsible for 30+ SaaS products {FinTech, Sales, Marketing,
Data Management, Risk, Credit and Compliance} which generated
over $1.5B in annual revenue. He personally invented and patented
three artificial intelligence technologies as well as leading technology
innovation across the portfolio.
Prior to D&B, he founded Noodle.ai, one of the first pure play artificial
intelligence companies. Dr. Gaubert is credited with coining and
trademarking Enterprise AI™ as well as defining Enterprise AI™ as a
market category. He grew the company’s valuation from $0 to $300M
+. The company won awards such as Top 10 companies to work
for (LinkedIn), Forbes Top 50 "Most promising AI Companies", and
Gartner Cool Vendor. 
His work on inventing Enterprise AI™ technologies rocketing the
company's growth with headcount growing by 250% in the first 24
months. He attracted $70M+ in external capital investments including
TPG Capital, Dell Technologies, Mitsubishi, SMS and others.
Prior to Noodle.ai, he was CTO at Infosys Consulting and helped
grow revenue to $800M. That venture was later merged into Infosys
(NYSE: INFY) Worldwide Consulting & Systems Integration (C&SI),
which resulted in a growing business unit of over 30,000 employees
and $2.5B in annual revenue. C&SI was later refocused into
management consulting services (MCS) as "Tip of the Spear" for
Infosys.  When he left, Infosys was over 200,000 employees and had
a market cap of $40B.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Ted is a globally recognized technology thought leader, innovator,
and disruptor. He is one of the handful of selected executives in the
official LinkedIn Influencer program with 125,000+ followers.
Expertise: AI, Machine Learning (ML), Natural Language Processing
(NLP), NLU, NLG, GAN, knowledge graphs (KG), RDF, SPARQL,
ontology, neural networks, large language models (LLM), CNN,
DNN, LSTM, Transformers, BERT, GPT, Deep Learning
Experience
Graphite Health
Chief Technology Officer
2021 - Present (3 years)
I lead the Software Engineering, Product Management, Analytics and Data
Science business functions.
Dun & Bradstreet
Chief Technology Officer | Global Product Engineering | AI (NYSE:
DNB)
2020 - 2021 (1 year)
San Francisco Bay Area
I led global product engineering across 30+ SaaS products that span FinTech,
Sales, Marketing, Data Management, Risk, Compliance and Credit. My
engineering team spanned the globe with ~650 engineers building and
supporting products with a combined revenue of $1.5B+.
The D&B Data Cloud is the world's most comprehensive B2B data sets:
• 420M+ business covered
• 243 countries and territories 
• 16,000 data sources
Noodle.ai
Chief Technology Officer | AI
2016 - 2020 (4 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
CTO of Noodle.ai, the Enterprise Artificial Intelligence® company. Ranked as
"Top Company to Work For" by LinkedIn.
• Lead innovation and development of core AI technologies and products
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
• Grew valuation from $0 to $300M+
• Member of Executive board
• Rocketed companies growth by 250% in first 24 months
• Raised $70M+ in investor funding
• Built strategic partnerships with Intel, Dell and SMS
Infosys
Chief Technology Officer - Global MCS (NYSE: INFY)
2011 - 2016 (5 years)
Chief Technology Officer within Global MCS. Infosys (NYSE: INFY) is a
multinational information technology corporation. In 2016, the company had
more than 200,000+ employees and a market cap of $40B USD
• Led the Technology & Innovation Group for Global Management Consulting
Services (MCS). 
• Vishal Sikka, CEO, positioned MCS as "Tip of the Spear" for driving Infosys
revenue.
Infosys Consulting
Chief Technology Officer
2008 - 2011 (3 years)
• Responsible for technologies and platforms that helped rapidly scale
revenues
• Led technology in growing the company by $800M in annual book-of-
business
XenTec Systems
Chief Executive Officer
1996 - 2008 (12 years)
XenTec has provided data driven enterprise application development and
hosting. The company specializes in the design of large scale, computationally
intensive, event-driven analytics systems. 
MSR Development
Software Engineer
1994 - 1996 (2 years)
San Diego, CA
Education
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
The University of Texas at Austin
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Engineering
Texas McCombs School of Business
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business Administration and
Management, General
The University of Texas at Austin
Master of Science - MS, Engineering
The University of Texas at Austin
Bachelor of Science - BS, Electrical and Computer Engineering || Computer
Science
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-
elmore-06857315 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Technology Trends
Servers
CCNA
Aaron Elmore
Chief Technology Officer
Dickinson, Texas, United States
Summary
Specialties: a + certified,  ccna,  cisco,  consulting,  database
administration,  e - commerce,  microsoft networking,  microsoft
office 2000,  network installation,  networking,  novell,  payroll
processing,  quickbooks,  quicken,  web site production,  EoL
hardware/software removal/repurposing for non-profits
Experience
Phoenix TMS
Chief Technology Officer
July 2017 - Present (6 years 9 months)
Houston, Texas Area
Managing relationships between non-profits and corporate donors.
Infamous Design
Owner
May 2012 - Present (11 years 11 months)
Corporate web design
Trinity Networking
Proprietor
May 2005 - Present (18 years 11 months)
Networking Consulting
Payroll
Network Installation
Server Maintenance
Local Philanthropic Work
Kozmo Computers
Proprietor
February 2002 - May 2005 (3 years 4 months)
Networking Consulting
Payroll
Network Installation
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Server Maintenance
Education
San Jacinto College
 
Page 2 of 2
