CTO/Ankit Godara.txt CTO/Ishita Sharma.txt CTO/Saurabh Nigam.txt CTO/Linshad Latheef.txt CTO/Sachin Kurlekar.txt CTO/Blair Newman.txt CTO/Oleg Taranov.txt CTO/Arvind Khanna.txt CTO/Sachin Lanke.txt CTO/Tushar Pathare.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ankit-
godara-6b99a390 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Openlink
Endur
Java
Languages
English
Punjabi
Hindi
Ankit Godara
AVP at Citicorp Services India Private Limited | IIT Kanpur
Kanpur Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
If you don't build your DREAMS someone will hire you to BUILD
theirs.
Experience
Citicorp services India private Limited
6 years 9 months
Assistant Vice President
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Senior Software Developer
January 2021 - May 2023 (2 years 5 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Senior Analyst
January 2019 - December 2020 (2 years)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Analyst
July 2017 - December 2018 (1 year 6 months)
Pune Area, India
Tourepedia
CTO
January 2015 - April 2016 (1 year 4 months)
Education
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur
Master's degree, Civil Engineering · (July 2016 - July 2017)
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur
Bachelor's degree, Civil Engineering · (2012 - 2016)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
S. S. Modi School
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ishita-
sharma-82050178 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
IT
Java
C++
Ishita Sharma
Director and CTO | Revenue Growth | Leaders Connect
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Ishita Sharma is a strategic thought leaders with an impressive
career of delivering advanced solutions and implementing both
Technical and business strategies for the organizations. Ishita’s
technological innovations, Talent management, Enterprise Strategy,
Outsourcing and Transformation helped organization to have
competitive advantage. 
Experience
KapsTag 
Director and CTO
April 2017 - Present (7 years)
Pune Area, India
Ishita Sharma is a strategic thought leaders with an impressive career of
delivering advanced solutions and implementing both Technical and business
strategies for the organizations. Ishita’s technological innovations, Talent
management, Enterprise Strategy, Outsourcing and Transformation helped
organization to have competitive advantage. 
Area of expertise-
Executive Management 
• Work Force management
• Heading Technology & Delivery
• Heading Operations & delivery 
• Strategic Business Planning 
• Client Relationship Management 
• Policy and Procedures 
• Business Road Map
• Budget Management 
• Top / Bottom line management
Delivery Management 
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
• Heading of Delivery 
• Process Management
• Business Process Transformation
• Global Delivery Management
• Project Management
• Business Process Reengineering
• Profit & Loss Management 
Tech Mahindra
Engineer
April 2016 - March 2017 (1 year)
Pune Area, India
Worked as“Software engineer” possessing valuable insights, critical analysis
and team approach to implement job assigned  in high pressure environments
with strict deadlines and multiple deliverable.
Wide experience over IT product and services industries. 
Core skills-
Software Engineering, application support, IT Project Mgmt, Software
development, Application Development, Software Design,  Client Relationship,
C, C++, JAVA, SQL, PLSQL, HTML, Javascript, Oracle, Manual Testing,
Proprietary tools, Resource management etc
Education
Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal 
Master of Technology (M.Tech.), Computer Software
Engineering · (2011 - 2014)
Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal
B.E. Computer Science, Information Technology · (2006 - 2010)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/saurabh-
nigam-7801a79 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Global Delivery
Service Delivery
SDLC
Saurabh Nigam
Group Chief Technology Officer
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
India’s Future CIOs NEXT100 Award Winner
Dynamic &amp; results-oriented senior IT professional with
15+ years of insightful experience, including 4+ years of
International(USA, UK &amp; Hong Kong) tenure, with significant
exposure in Uniquely qualified for…
SENIOR  LEVEL  ASS IGNMENT :  CHIEF  INFORMAT ION  OFF
ICER  
Invigorating Business capabilities through Strategic application of
Technology Integration
PMP Certified with demonstrated expertise in planning, developing
&amp; implementing cutting-edge informationsolutions to address
business opportunities; Track record of success in creating robust
IT architectures and infrastructures,developing &amp; executing IT
strategies to promote organizational growth and optimal utilization of
emerging technologies;Solutions-oriented who excels at managing
projects, collaborating with project teams, interfacing with clients,
and deployingtechnology to build successful solutions and services
for clientsCore Competencies include…
√ IT Strategy Planning √ Data Centre Management √ IT Asset &amp;
Infrastructure Management√ Project / Program Management √ DR/
BCP Planning √ Customer Service &amp; Support √ IT Operations
Management √ Technology Evaluation &amp; Selection √ Cross-
Functional Team Coordination√ Application Development &amp;
Support √ Profit &amp; Loss/Budget &amp; Cost √ Team Building
&amp; Leaderrship
Experience
DMI Finance Private Limited
8 years 10 months
Group Chief Technology Officer
April 2021 - Present (3 years)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Chief Technology Officer
June 2015 - May 2021 (6 years)
Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Limited
Chief Information Officer
July 2014 - November 2014 (5 months)
CRISIL Limited
3 years 1 month
Director - Business IT
April 2013 - July 2014 (1 year 4 months)
Associate Director - Technology
April 2012 - April 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Senior Manager - Technology
July 2011 - April 2012 (10 months)
Senior Manager - Technology, Capital Market, CRISIL Research
Computer Age Management Services Pvt. Ltd.
Senior Manager - Technology
September 2008 - July 2011 (2 years 11 months)
HCL
Project Manager
November 2005 - September 2008 (2 years 11 months)
Tata Consultancy Services
6 years
IT Analyst
April 1999 - April 2005 (6 years 1 month)
IT Analyst
1999 - 2005 (6 years)
Scandent Solutions
Project Leader
2005 - 2005 (less than a year)
Education
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Indian Institute of Science (IISc)
M Tech, Metallurgy · (1997 - 1999)
NIT Jamshedpur
Bachelor of Engineering (BE), Metallurgical Engineering · (1993 - 1997)
V P I Collage Panki
 · (1987 - 1992)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/linshad
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Engineering
Product Development
Electronics Hardware Design
Linshad Latheef
Chief Technology Officer
Alappuzha, Kerala, India
Experience
Allabout Innovations
Chief Technology Officer
August 2020 - Present (3 years 8 months)
Alappuzha, Kerala, India
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sachin-
kurlekar-49b9a918 (LinkedIn)
Sachin Kurlekar
CTO of Communications & Media Business Unit
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
PRESENT
•Driving Business & Technology roadmap of the Business unit,
Providing Thought Leadership, Building Customer relationships and
Strategic Partnerships, Technology Sales/Pre-Sales, Technology
Guidance/Consulting to Customers and Engineering teams in the
areas of Unified Communications (UCaaS, CCaaS), Autonomous
Drones/Mobile Robotics, Automotive, IoT,  Streaming Media
Systems,  Edge AI, Computer Vision, Embedded Systems. 
PAST
•Held various roles in Engineering Development,  Management ,
Product Management, Sales/Business Dev, Centre Head.
•Developed successful products which underwent volume
deployments in the market.
•Setup and grew new technology practices in areas of Autonomous
Robotics, IoT, NFV/SDN, Video/Audio/Media, Embedded Systems
•Widely travelled internationally , worked in the United States for few
years
•Led Sales & Business Development activities with Worldwide
Customers , managed Customer relationships/  Partnerships
•Experience & deep knowledge across multiple domains Automotive,
Autonomous Drones/Robotics, DSP , Vision Processing/AI,  Video
Streaming, Embedded Systems development, Mobility, Networking,
NFV/SDN, Processor architecture, VLSI/RTL Verification, Customer
Engineering, Embedded Systems , IoT
•Worked closely with CEO, CTO, Sales, Marketing to define the
Company roadmap, new product features and then went onto
develop these products/features and make them commercially
successful.  
•Executed many successful Customer projects and delivered multiple
product lines which have resulted into volume shipments for the
organization and generation of revenues in excess of few million
dollars
•Worked closely with Customers from various regions in the world
and established strong Customer relationships.
 
Page 1 of 6
 
 
•Worked closely with internal FAE teams & Sales teams to resolve
Product Sales issues, address urgent technical issues reported by
Customers
•Involved in the Complete business development cycle from creation
of SOWs to support post delivery of the product/project 
•Have worked under high pressure startup culture environments
•Have hired top talent and when necessary also executed difficult
staff reduction rounds.
Experience
Persistent Systems
13 years 10 months
CTO of Communications & Media Business Unit
January 2024 - Present (3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Chief Domain Expert
June 2021 - January 2024 (2 years 8 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Thought Leadership, Technology Strategy, Consulting & Technical Guidance
to Customers/Engineering teams  in the field of Unified/Cloud Communications
(UCAAS, CCAAS, CPAAS), Contact Center Intelligence with AI/ML, 5G, Edge
Computing, IoT, Autonomous Robotics, Computer Vision, Edge AI, Signal
Processing, Embedded Systems and Silicon, CLoud Systems    
Technical Pre-Sales, Driving Customer engagements/Customer relationships
and Strategic Partnerships     
Responsible for Communications&Media Business Unit Roadmap/Direction,
Domain Strategy / Focus, Creation of Solution Offerings, Technology Pre-
Sales, Proposals
Driving Customer Engagements & Customer relationships 
Provide Technology / Domain expertise to Customers and Engineering
Teams, 
Hiring top talent at Senior positions across different domains
Associate Vice President
January 2015 - May 2021 (6 years 5 months)
Pune, India
 
Page 2 of 6
 
 
Drove Technology road-map,  Customer engagements, Providing Thought
leadership & Domain expertise to Customers & Delivery teams in the areas of
IoT,  Edge Computing, Edge-AI,  5G, Unified Communications, Autonomous
Robotics, Embedded-Vision, Semiconductors applied to different verticals 
Established Practices Autonomous Robotics, Streaming Media, NFV/SDN and
drove successful Customer Engagements.
Business Head- Embedded Systems
April 2013 - December 2014 (1 year 9 months)
Pune
Responsible for the overall Embedded Systems business at Persistent.
Managing key Customer relationships, revenue, strategies, roadmap,
Technical Sales, Business Development, Strategic partnerships
Sr Manager, Worldwide Technical Sales & Business Development
June 2010 - March 2013 (2 years 10 months)
Pune
Responsible for Business Development & Sales in the Embedded & Mobility
group in Persistent with a focus area on videoconferencing/video streaming
business, Mobility 
Customer Relationship Management 
Overall Engineering Management for the Video technology group in Persistent
Trinity Convergence, Pune
Director of Engineering
August 2006 - May 2010 (3 years 10 months)
Major Achievements
Developed and shipped products in SIP voip/video &amp; Skype voice/video
conferencing which generated in excess of few million dollar revenue for 3
consecutive years.
Greater than 90% track record for delivering projects/products on the
committed dates meeting high quality expectations
Suggested and developed new product features and platforms which are
getting shipped to a number of key customers
Built strong relationships with Tier1/Tier 2/Tier3 customers
Delivered complex products to all customers on the committed   dates and
have won recognition from many of the Customers and internal teams
Managed 30+ staff engineering teams
 
Page 3 of 6
 
 
Anticipated and developed number of product ideas which became market
relevant 6 months down the line
Delivered many Product Services Projects where new features based on
Customer requirements were added to base layer product.  
Executed 2 major cost reduction rounds. 
Successfully executed shifting of the entire office to a different location.  
Worked closely with finance to track month to month spending, cash balances
etc
Put strong emphasis on quality and stability improvements to the product.
Constantly put a dedicated team of engineers focused only on improving the
stability of the product. Tracked issues systematically in a Bug tracking system
Measured productivity and efficiency of Engineering teams and put up a
processes to constantly improve the productivity. The result of this effort was
seen 6 months down the line and it has now resulted in the organization being
run very efficiently
After 2 staff reduction rounds, retaining employees became a complex problem
but handled that successfully and remotivated the employees again
Worked closely with silicon platform providers to resolve many BSP issues.
Inspite of playing a very senior management role, on many occasions, got
down to design complex project components of the system myself and even
wrote important pieces of code wherever it was necessary.
Tensilica, Pune
Customer Engineering Manager
June 2006 - August 2006 (3 months)
Tensilica is a reconfigurable core company. This role involved supporting
customers in India, Asia/Pacific &amp; Europe on Tensilica products &amp;
applications in both software and hardware domains.  
It involved modeling unique multi-core customer specific configurations,
helping customers design application specific instructions, training them on
Tensilica methodologies. 
It also involved helping customers integrate Tensilica cores in their ASICs,
integrate in complex hardware and software flows, cosimulation environments
Build Customer Engineering team in the Pune office.
Discontinued this job in a short span because my personal career goals &amp;
operating style did not align with the company's approach.
Cradle Technologies, Pune
Project Manager
 
Page 4 of 6
 
 
April 2004 - May 2006 (2 years 2 months)
Roles &amp; responsibilities
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
*Designed and developed complex Video surveillance systems. 
*Was a technical lead and systems integration expert for a group of 4 to 5
engineers on a number of Customer driven projects.
*Was a key member of the strategic product development roadmap
*Worked in multi disciplinary and multi-location teams
Major Achievements
*Was involved in the design and development of a complex 16 camera
channel  Video surveillance system on a multiprocessor chip. (including device
drivers, system design, audio/video codecs etc). This system was successfully
delivered to a number of Asian customers. 
*Worked closely with a number of Tier 1 Japanese &amp; Korean customers
to deliver a number of voice/video over ip systems, Camera image processing
systems &amp; more 
*Managed small teams on a number of Customer driven projects with Tier1
Asian customers
*Worked closely with the tools team, Processor architecture teams, Chip
RTL design teams, Applications Engineering teams spread across India and
the U.S. Provided the bridge between Application Engineering and Multiple
processor Architecture  (DSP, drivers, performance analysis, system issues
etc)
Cradle Technologies, USA
Software engineer
January 2001 - March 2004 (3 years 3 months)
Roles &amp; responsibilities
Was considered the Application Engineering expert in the company
Work closely with Application Engineering teams, Architecture teams, Tools
team, RTL verification teams,
Major Achievements
Designed and developed the ADSL PHY modem layer on Cradle's multi RISC/
DSP processor. 
Bridged between Applications Engineering, Processor architecture design, 
Successfully did RTL verification of large applications and was involved in 2
successful chip tapeouts 
 
Page 5 of 6
 
 
Worked with multidispline teams (Processor architecture, RTL, Application
Engineering, Tools etc) 
Delivered drivers for a number of interfaces (Camera, Audio, PCI etc) on a
programmable I/O system. These interfaces were later used in every product
that got shipped out
Cirrus Logic (Pune India Design Centre
DSP software Engineer
October 1997 - December 2000 (3 years 3 months)
Roles &amp; Responsibilites
Work on multidisciplinary DSP software projects
Be the lead engineer in system integration of all the DSP projects in my group
Major Achievements
Designed and developed ADSL T1413 modem PHY layer
Delivered Dolby digital Audio decoding system
Developed the entire MPEG-2 A/V Decoding system
Developed the DV Camera video encode/decode system
Signalabs, Pune
Electronics engineer
February 1996 - September 1997 (1 year 8 months)
Roles &amp; Responsibilites
Develop DSP modules, libraries
Customer projects 
Major achievements
Developed V.34 modem DSP Physical layer
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics & Telecommunications · (1991 - 1995)
 
Page 6 of 6
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/blairnewman
(LinkedIn)
bell.one/ (Company)
neuton.ai/main (Company)
Top Skills
IT Strategy
Business Strategy
IT Outsourcing
Languages
Spanish (Limited Working)
German (Limited Working)
Certifications
ITIL V3 Foundation
KARASS: Effective Negotiating
SUN Microsystems: CSA & SCNA
Cisco: CCNA & CTT
Six Sigma Green Belt
Honors-Awards
Global Excellence Award
Blair Newman
Chief Technology Officer at Neuton
Martinez, California, United States
Summary
Accomplished executive with 25+ years of experience creating
business value within the Information Technology industry. Decisive
leader managing and overseeing P&L’s, building pipelines of >$1Bn,
and generating multimillion-dollar cost savings via acquisitions,
shared services models and IT transformations. Possesses in-
depth enterprise experience required to accelerate growth via new
products, services and business initiatives. Skilled in enabling
technical and cross-functional teams with delivery of complex
infrastructure, application outsourcing including SAP, SaaS, PaaS &
IaaS cloud solutions & architectures.
Experience
Neuton
Chief Technology Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
San Jose, California, United States
Launched flagship service Neuton (Neuton.AI) an Auto-ML solution solving
problems technical problems such as:
• Regression
• Binomial/Multinomial Classification
• Time Series,
• Natural Language Processing
Enabling users to produce a neural network model from concept to predictions
in less than one day. This groundbreaking solution enables rapid, informed
decision making to drive:
• Predicting and preventing customer churn- during a pandemic
• Turning Innovation in to action with Machine Learning 
• Predicting customer adoption with new products and services. 
• Risk ratings for every customer
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
• Personalized customer journeys 
• Predicting promotional and new service adoption
• Predicting and preventing customer churn 
Bell Integrator
Chief Technology Officer
January 2015 - Present (9 years 3 months)
Drive digital transformation strategy to grow the company through the use
of technical resources, services and emerging technologies. Responsible
for overall vision, product inception, and customer delivery via digital SaaS
platform. Lead all aspects of architecture, software and product development,
including all make vs. buy analysis, investment rationalization, and delivery
schedule for high velocity solutions
BellOne SaaS based platform providing utility/usage-based pricing for services
such as Augmented Reality, IoT, Automated Machine Learning, Network-
based Automation. 
Launched flagship service Neuton (Neuton.AI) an Auto-ML solution solving
problems technical problems such as:
• Regression
• Binomial/Multinomial Classification
• Time Series, 
• Natural Language Processing 
Enabling users to produce a neural network model from concept to predictions
in less than one day. This groundbreaking solution enables rapid, informed
decision making to drive:
• Churn prevention
• Sales projections
• Customer segmentation
• Including business/data insights
Global Delivery with over 2000 Resources 
Digital Services
• Augmented Reality
• Aritificial Intelligence
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
• IoT
• Automation
• Business Analytics 
Core Services
• Software Development
• Application Services 
• Managed Services
• OSS/BSS
• Cloud Migration
T-Systems North America
11 years 1 month
Head of Computing Services and Solutions
June 2004 - January 2015 (10 years 8 months)
Martinez, CA
T-SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA (DIVISION OF DEUTSCHE TELECOM) 2004
– Present
An $11B division of Deutsche Telecom, a Tier 1 Service Provider offering ICT
technology solutions to companies globally
Head of Computing Services and Solutions 2010 - Present
Held $462M P&L with accountability for growing the global Computing
Services and Solutions division within this 11B telecommunications company.
Initial challenge focused on transforming portfolio to be market based
and competitive, growing the division both organically and with new logo.
Pioneered a 3-year roadmap that provided strategic guidance required to
increase revenue, optimize costs and capitalize on the division’s new portfolio
and business model.
DIRECTOR, OPEN & MAINFRAME SYSTEMS
January 2006 - January 2010 (4 years 1 month)
Martinez, CA
Director, Open & Mainframe Systems 2006 - 2010
Introduced emerging Cloud based technologies to the market and held full
accountability for accelerating revenue and margin growth with a $140M
P&L budget. Spearheaded branding, strategy development, pricing, product
life-cycle management and all governance related initiatives including
management of 100+ staff on 3 continents via 5 direct reports covering
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
operational service-line for Datacenter Services, Mainframe, UNIX, Wintel,
Middleware, Storage, Backup and Recovery support organizations.
DIRECTOR SERVICE DELIVERY, IT OPERATIONS
January 2004 - January 2006 (2 years 1 month)
Sunnyvale, CA
Director Service Delivery, IT Operations 2004 - 2006
Established operational direction and ensured lean status of $30M production
operation. Headed all functions of Service and Delivery Management for
all West Coast customers with autonomous accountability for driving and
improving operational output, quality and eliminating non-value adding waste.
Prepared forecasts/budgets for long-range planning and cost management.
Supervised 10 cross-functional teams of up to 50 in support of multiple Fortune
500 accounts.
Verizon Business (Formerly Digex, Inc)
Senior Manager, West Coast Operations
March 1999 - June 2004 (5 years 4 months)
San Jose, California
Verizon Business (Formerly Digex, Inc)
Senior Manager, Data Center Operations 2000-2004
Directed daily production operations of 24x7 data operations centers in 3
global locations. Including operations, purchasing, inventory, scheduling
and logistics. Successfully implemented operational improvements, cost-
saving processes for operating and capital expenditures. Ensured timely and
quality delivery of multi-platform web/database/application solutions, UNIX/NT
servers, fire walls, and 5000+ hosted and managed devices.
Sun Microsystems
Technical Project Lead
January 1996 - June 2000 (4 years 6 months)
Oversee technical migrations and campus consolidations
Education
Columbia Southern University
Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc), Information Technology · (2015)
Master's Institute
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Information Systems · (1994 - 1997)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/kujbor
(LinkedIn)
kujbor.ru (Personal)
hh.ru/resume/
f9e8f9e6ff017ab5e40039ed1f416259633345
(Portfolio)
Top Skills
Crypto
Blockchain
Web3
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Russian (Native or Bilingual)
Oleg Taranov
Chief Technology Officer
New York, New York, United States
Summary
Experienced Development Leader with over 10 years of experience
in banking, cryptocurrency and e-commerce, incl. top Tier 1 IT
companies.
Skilled in full stack and cross platform development: JavaScript,
TypeScript, Node, React/Redux, Next, Express, Microservices,
Kubernetes, Web3, DeFi, Cordova, Capacitor, CI/CD, Test
Automation and Agile Methodologies.
Strong professional with a Specialist degree (between bachelor and
master) focused in Informatics and higher mathematics from Moscow
Pedagogical University (MGPU).
My "killer feature" is a lot of experience working in large corporations
with a very relevant and winning strategy for promoting products
through extensive ecosystems and superapplications.
My experience will be very useful where a lot of products merge
into an ecosystem or are already an ecosystem and are subject to
intense load growth, and you need to quickly and reliably transform,
significantly improve or create from scratch an architecture
and strategy for developing a superapplication or an extensive
ecosystem of products.
Well, or where it comes to banking, traditional or decentralized
finance (crypto) and marketplaces... Or you want to set up a quick
launch of experiments – I'm also good at doing that.
Generally speaking, I can do a lot of things and I will be happy to
apply it where it will bring a lot of value to someone.
Experience
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Oone.World
Chief Technology Officer
March 2023 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
LATOKEN
Head of Development
May 2022 - April 2023 (1 year)
Cayman Islands
I was a Head of Development CeFi, DeFi and CeDeFi products: web and
mobile centralized exchange, web and mobile decentralized finance wallets
with unique chain-agnostic features (cross-chain staking for example) and
CeDeFi features of web end mobile CEX apps.
Initially, I joined the company as a DeFi (Web3) Team Lead, but later, thanks
to the successful launch of a number of projects, I headed the entire DeFi unit.
Later I took an active part in the company-wide transformation: from product
teams to development-as-a-service to cut management layers and costs in
half. As a result of success completion, now I lead this new megaunit.
Working for the company, every day allows me to make sure that in any
circumstances you can create a worthy products that you can be proud of.
Сейлз-хаус «Газпром-Медиа»
Head of Development
October 2020 - November 2021 (1 year 2 months)
Moscow City, Russia
My job was to build the best fullstack development team and set up processes
of hiring, management, development, testing and deploying the web-version
and internal products for a new vertical video social network Yappy (like
TikTok).
My team has successfully created Video Moderation System, Video Content
Management System, Internal User Workspace and many other helpful
products.
The project was presented as the holder of several cases at the country's
largest hackathon "Digital Breakthrough" in 2020, broadcast on central
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
television. I was a judge and technical expert for this prestigious federal
competition.
I am especially proud of the team that I managed to put together.
Yandex.Market
Lead Frontend Developer
March 2020 - September 2020 (7 months)
Moscow, Moscow City, Russia
Yandex.Market is the largest marketplace in the country from Tier 1 IT
company Yandex.
The goal of the project was to transfer the purchase and delivery functions
from Beru.ru to Yandex.Market, which was done.
I only participated as the lead developer of the project, but I got good
experience in the top IT company in the country, learned the processes and
good practices.
BCS Bank
Development Team Lead
March 2017 - February 2020 (3 years)
Moscow, Russian Federation
The goal of the project was to create a mobile and Internet bank for small
businesses from scratch – Sfera.
I hired a team of 12 front-end and mobile developers, and this team in one
year we have successfully created one of the most functional banks in the
country, which has received more than one award at competitions and good
places in prestigious ratings.
Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation
Development Team Lead
June 2016 - March 2017 (10 months)
I led the development team of mobile and web applications for corporate
clients of the bank.
The team was quite large (27 people) and had serious performance problems
due to the disruption of communications between its members.
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
I fixed the communications issues and cut team in half, resulting in a threefold
increase in productivity.
FOOD Gate
Lead Web Frontend Developer
August 2013 - June 2016 (2 years 11 months)
I developed from scratch the Frontend part of an innovative international food
wholesale platform. The platform allowed to find partners and make deals with
them.
The system has been integrated with many partners, including the global non-
profit organization for standardization GS1. The platform made it possible to
find partners and conclude deals with them.
The project was very promising and was even presented at the state level
by the first persons of the country during the Expert Dialogue of the BRICS
countries on e-commerce and the Global GS1 International Forum and others,
in which I participated as an industry expert.
But, unfortunately, the project did not reach traction and eventually closed.
Shopozz
Full Stack Web Developer
August 2012 - August 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Samara, Russian Federation
Intermediary service for the delivery of goods from online stores and auctions
around the world with transit warehouses in five different countries.
This project was interesting because it was a start-up of three students, which
suddenly turned out to be very popular and expanded on the run following the
growth in demand for its services.
It was very interesting to participate in the development and observe from the
inside how a young company solves the issues of startup growth.
The growth was not endless, and the service did not receive worldwide
recognition, but it turned out to be quite profitable and exists to this day.
Education
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Moscow City Teachers’ Training University (MGPU)
Specialist (between Bachelor and Master), Informatics and higher
mathematics · (September 2004 - June 2009)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/arvind-
khanna-46215a83 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Sales & Marketing Leadership
New Business Development
Switchgear
Arvind Khanna
Chief Technology Officer at Luminous Power Technologies (P) Ltd
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
An experience of over two decades in leadership position heading
Sales, Marketing, & Offer Development function with a successful
& proven performance track record. Have successfully incubated
electrical retail business and solar business.  Have consistently
upgraded my skills & knowledge. Key technical skills lie in OD of
Inverter; Solar Inverter – PCU, GTI & Hybrid Inverter; Li-Ion Battery
– BMS development, Application & Selection, LV – Switchgear,
Electrical Products like FD, WD, Fans etc. Proven performance track
record with large MNC & Indian professional & entrepreneurial driven
companies. Skilled in innovating products, marketing program &
creation of Value Proposition for the organisation.
Professional Soft Skills:  Demonstrative Leadership, Change
Management (Adaptability),
Problem-solving skills thru lateral thinking & Excellent techno-
commercial ability, Critical thinking, 
innovation, Good Understanding on consumer behavior drivers. 
.
Experience
Luminous Power Technologies (P) Ltd
12 years 6 months
Chief Technology Officer
September 2020 - Present (3 years 7 months)
Gurgaon
The role is focused on developing New Battery Technology, specifically Li-Ion
battery. Creating Solar & Back-Up offer with HF technology and integrate with
Li-Ion batteries. Create consumer Value & Experience thru connected (IOT)
product.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Sr. VP - Offer Development & Quality
January 2018 - Present (6 years 3 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
• Maintained high-level knowledge of current and emerging technology
development and applications: Created New platform for basic Inverter &
HKVA Inverters @ 8% reduced cost; Solar - PCU, Solar - Grid Tie Inverter &
Solar Hybrid PCU development.
• Developed and implemented long-term strategic technological blueprint:
Created Li-Ion Battery Integrated portfolio - Regalia; Developed BMS for Li-Ion
Battery pack
• Collaborated with cross-functional intra-company teams to provide mutually
beneficial outcomes: Design & Development of IOT enabled products offer with
WiFi, GSM & BLE stack (edge layer), cloud, MApp, NOC
• Improved product reliability (Inverter) by more than 100% - Using tools
like DFMEA, preparing mission profile to understand the field conditions &
applications
• Worked aggressively on cost optimization and delivered QVE of 2.5% YOY
Sr. Vice President - Solar Business (Sales & Marketing)
January 2015 - January 2018 (3 years 1 month)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
• Successfully incubated Solar business - New growth vertical for Luminous:
Created offer roadmap, Distribution & retail channel strategy using 4Ps.
Created a business of 300Cr in three years
• Involved in sourcing / development of key offers viz PV panels, Grid Tie
Inverters & battery
• Created sales organization for retail & institutional sales – including
appointment of sales team & distributors
Sr. Vice President - Home Electrical Business ( Sales & Marketing)
October 2011 - January 2015 (3 years 4 months)
• Incubated & developed Electrical Business (HEB) - New growth vertical in
Luminous.
• Evolved a high growth strategy for accelerated built-up & achieved a revenue
of 100Cr in first fiscal year with a team size of 30 persons.
• Developed sales and marketing plans for product roll-outs, including
developing sales, distribution and media strategy.
• Innovated fan category with first functional light (LED) fan with remote. Also,
innovated home UPS category with first entertainment UPS.
C&S ELECTRIC LTD.
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Chief Executive - Sales & Marketing, Strategy 
August 2008 - May 2011 (2 years 10 months)
P&L responsibility for Switchgear Business. 
Achieved business growth of 30% in 2010 - received Chairman’s “Growth
Driver Award 2010” along with citation
Created Retail Business (new segment for the company) – Achieved
unprecedented success in the first year of operation thru unique retail strategy.
Re-positioning the product portfolio resulted in 4% improved price realization in
2009
SFA & CRM - successfully conceptualized & implemented SFA (Oracle) for the
business in a span of eight months 
Feasibility & Business proposal for setting up operation in China 
GE
Vice President - Marketing & International Business
April 2000 - August 2004 (4 years 5 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Introduced New Business lines contributing 25 % to the Top line. 
International sales Growth by 30% 
Improved Price realization by 2Pts. Thru New Price Mechanisms
Strategic Collaboration for several new products like –Semi Conductor fuses,
Water Cooled Capacitors, HMI devices, MCB, Transfer Switch
Larsen & Toubro Power - Switchgear Business
National Product Manager - Motor Starters & Switches
January 1990 - April 2000 (10 years 4 months)
Achievements: 1999 to 2000 National Product Manager                               
Increased profit margins by 3% through maximizing new product introductions
Launched New Series of Industrial Starters type MN Starters and New range of
FSU type FN (complete transition from FBC range to FN)
Increased market share for fuse type HN by 5%
Achievements: 1997 to 1999 RSM – South II                               
Consecutively for two years 1998 & 1999 achieved highest growth in the
region
Achievements: 1995 to 1997 Branch Manager - Bangalore                               
Highest All India Sales Performance (V/S Target)
Highest growing branch for two consecutive year 1996 & 1997
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Achievements: 1990 to 1995 Branch Manager- W.UP, Haryana & Rajasthan
Consistently achieved targets & kept progressing to bigger branch roles
Education
Punjab Engineering College
Bachelor of Engineering (B Engg), Electrical · (1981 - 1985)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sachin-
lanke-5759a833 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
C  
JavaScript
C
Sachin Lanke
Co- Founder & CTO at DCG Infotech Pvt Ltd
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
DCG Infotech Pvt Ltd
8 years
Co- Founder & CTO
August 2019 - Present (4 years 8 months)
Pune Area, India
Sr Software Engineer
April 2016 - July 2019 (3 years 4 months)
Bharat Electronics
Sr Oracle DBA and Project Manager
February 2012 - February 2016 (4 years 1 month)
Bangalore
Bharat Electronics Limited is an Indian state-owned aerospace and defence
company with about nine factories, and several regional offices in India. It
is owned by the Indian Government and primarily manufactures advanced
electronic products for the Indian Armed Forces
Pioneer Cloud Software
System Developer
January 2011 - January 2012 (1 year 1 month)
BANER , PUNE
Education
Fergusson College
Master of Computer Applications (MCA), Computer Science · (2009 - 2011)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tushar-
pathare (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microservices
ClickHouse
DOOH
Tushar Pathare
Founder and CTO at IMERZO
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 12+ years of industry expertise, I possess extensive
proficiency as        , ,   ,          .
I thrive on the complexities inherent in         , - settings. These
environments serve as fertile ground for  , ,   substantial contributions
that fuel organizational and customer triumph.
.
Experience
IMERZO
Founder and CTO
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Lemma
Architect
May 2022 - April 2023 (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
’      
● Architected the DOOH (Digital Out-of-Home) Ad Platform, ensuring its
seamless functionality, performance and low latency
● Enhanced the Ad Server architecture to effectively support and monetize
the CTV (Connected TV) platform, leveraging cutting-edge techniques and
technologies
● Explored, evaluated and deployed Geo DNS solution to optimize Ad Serving
’     
● Streamlined processing of billions of daily ad requests and associated
tracking events, each containing 100+ data segments
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
-      
, , ,   .
,  ,     ,  
PubMatic
8 years 5 months
Architect
April 2021 - May 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- saved tens of millions with tech and business optimizations
an Ad Serving architecture that efficiently processed 500     .
Conducted detail-oriented reviews and revisions of software designs to     ,
while also suggesting architectural enhancements.
Expertly resolved complex technical challenges and provided    for all post-
launch ad serving applications.
Implemented a   for application , , / , ,   .
Principal Software Engineer
January 2017 - April 2021 (4 years 4 months)
Pune Area, India
-     service to comply with the RTB protocol standard, enabling seamless
support for   . This involved complex and extensive modifications across critical
modules such as PMP, Auction, Impression Tracking, and data analytics.
Led the pivotal initiatives in        , an operating system. This strategic migration
yielded a  25%   .
Senior Software Engineer
January 2014 - December 2016 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Architected and guided the development process for a   .
Sokrati
Senior Software Engineer
February 2012 - January 2014 (2 years)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Designed and successfully delivered a -          .
Designed and implemented a set of  for the core platform, specifically focused
on     .
Conducted comprehensive reviews and made revisions to software designs
to   , while also   .
Persistent Systems
Software Engineer
January 2010 - January 2012 (2 years 1 month)
Collaborated with the performance optimization team to    through a series of
projects.
Redesigned the application to seamlessly integrate with a - .
Implemented an -   to significantly optimize data access rates.
Education
University of Pune
Master of Science (MSc), Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
University of Pune
Master's degree, Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
 
Page 3 of 3
