CTO/Dheeraj Gupttaa.txt CTO/SS Saravanan.txt CTO/Yash Kumar.txt CTO/Mahadev Punekar.txt CTO/Sachin Dubey.txt CTO/Paolo A.txt CTO/Mahendra Moghe.txt CTO/Jay Pillai.txt CTO/Steve Vedang.txt CTO/Hardik Acharya.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/dheeraj-
gupttaa-23826b27 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Solution Architecture
Dheeraj Gupttaa
Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Sundeus Technology
Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
July 2021 - Present (2 years 9 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Hexaware Technologies
2 years 1 month
AVP and Head - ATM Solution & Presales
April 2020 - July 2021 (1 year 4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra
AVP and Enterprise Architect
July 2019 - March 2020 (9 months)
Pune, Maharashtra
Zensar Technologies
Enterprise Architect
May 2016 - July 2019 (3 years 3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
IBM India Private Limited
IT Architect
May 2000 - April 2016 (16 years)
Pune Area, India
SDG Corporation: IT Security and Risk Management Solutions
Senior Software Engineer
March 1999 - May 2000 (1 year 3 months)
Noida Area, India
Astera Software
Senior Software Engineer
October 1997 - December 1998 (1 year 3 months)
New Delhi Area, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Corbus, LLC
Systems Engineer
February 1997 - September 1997 (8 months)
Noida Area, India
LEGATO SYSTEMS LIMITED
Software Engineer
June 1996 - February 1997 (9 months)
New Delhi Area, India
Education
HARCOURT BUTLER TECHNOLOGICAL INSTITUTE (HBTI),
KANPUR
Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.)  · (1993 - 1996)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ss-
saravanan-4975b938 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Telecommunications
Computer Network Operations
GSM
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Tamil (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Limited Working)
SS Saravanan
Chief Technology Officer at Bharti Airtel
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
+Technical leader with 20+ years in Telecommunications with
proficient experience in Strategy, Design & Planning, Quality &
Operations, TAC support in PSTN and Mobile Network in India.
+Hands on and management experience in Planning, Deployment
and Network Optimization, Modernization & Re-Engineering, MS
Operation for RAN (UMTS, LTE-FD,TD),Transport and Core domain.
+Instrumental in Planning and Execution of Spectrum re-farming,
Network Modernization & Swap activities for LTE FD, LTE FD+TD,
U2100 dual carrier and U900 as 2nd carrier  with equipment vendors
Huawei (Chennai), Ericsson ( AP) and NSN (Kerala).
+Expertise in Managed Services Delivery, SLA monitoring, Network
Performance Monitoring and KPI delivery of GRAN, WRAN, LRAN,
Core & PACO Networks of Multi- Vendors such as Ericsson, Huawei
+Proficient in management of a diverse range of departments,
professionals, and programs through strong understanding of the
business and people.
Experience
Bharti Airtel
17 years 3 months
Chief Technology Officer
April 2020 - Present (4 years)
Bhubaneshwar, Orissa
Design & Planning  Head
April 2015 - April 2020 (5 years 1 month)
+ Leading RAN,MW,Fiber,VoiceCore & MPBN Planning teams for AP circle
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
+ Driving along with the Managed services partners to deliver the business and
customer requirements
+ Responsible for Spectrum re-farming & Successful RAN Modernization at AP
and TS circle.
+ Strategy Design,Planning and Successful Launch of India’s first Ericsson's
U900 with 4.2Mhz.
+ Large scale Twin Beam,Small Cell planning and execution for U2100 de-
congestion.
+ Leading Planning for Circle's highest roll-out of 2G,3G and 4G sites in AP
circle.
+ Responsible for Aligning Operational execution with Strategic directions. 
+ Transport Network Packetization and Launch of LTE FD for New Towns
ahead of competition.
+ Transition from Ericsson MPBN to Alcatel-Lucent MPBN.
+ Core Network Modernisation inlcuding HLR
+ Driving Capex efficiency programs by technology innovations/optimisation,
Spectrum usage
Head - Radio Network Planning
January 2014 - March 2015 (1 year 3 months)
Chennai
+ Leading In-sourced Design & Planning for Radio Network ( 2G,3G and LTE
FDD and TDD )
+ Responsible for planning and launch of first Huawei LTE FDD in Chennai
and Tamilnadu.
+ Responsible for planning swap of Ericsson & NSN with FDD and TDD in
Kerala
+ Responsible for  2G & 3G ICR planning in Tamilnadu and Kerala.
+ Driving 3G Capacity & Coverage Planning for Chennai and Tamilnadu with
innovative solution and optimization.
+ Responsible for leading Data Growth for the Circle.
+ Material and Inventory Management & CapEx control for KTN
+ IBS planning and Capacity Solution for Chennai Corporates.
Network Quality Lead - 3G
January 2011 - December 2014 (4 years)
Chennai
+ Responsible for the New 3G U2100 Network Performance  in Chennai and
Tamilnadu.
+ Driving  the 3G Benchmarking with Competition with Voice and Data KQIs.
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
+ In-charge of Multi Vendor Managed Service Governance for the circle for 3G.
+ Leading Capacity and Coverage optimisation for System Engineering on 3G
parameter.
+ Responsible for Technical Support Group and Customer experience
enhancement activities 
+ Efficiency through RNO tools and automation of KPI reporting
Network Quality Lead - 2G
August 2008 - December 2010 (2 years 5 months)
+ Network Tuning for high traffic/GPRS/EDGE/Multi band network 
+ Capacity Planning and growth projections to Planning team
+ Frequency Planning for entire network ( AFP ) with MS partner
+ Monthly KPI and Capacity Signoff with Strategic Partner (Ericsson)
+ Identification of alternate solutions for coverage problems in gray areas
+ Optimization of Radio network and GPRS performance by fine tuning cell
parameters/entities
+ TRAI SPOC for the circle.
Sr Manager - Network Planning
January 2007 - July 2008 (1 year 7 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
+Core Planning for Karnataka Circle (Swap/Upgrade/Expansion/New rollout)
+ Annual Operating Plan preparation for Core
+ Network Quality – Switch and Radio KPI Improvement
+ Monthly KPI and Capacity Signoff with Strategic Partner (Ericsson)
+ Process Audit and Implementation for technical function
+ Traffic analysis and augmentation planning for PoI ,Inter MSC and nodes
+ Identification of alternate solutions for coverage problems in gray areas
+ Processor load balancing - activity planning and tracking with SP
+ Contingency handling during major events for core and radio
Sasken Communications Technologies Ltd
Project Leader, - Nortel GPRS- 2G/GSM Network
November 2004 - June 2007 (2 years 8 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
+ Testing and Implementation support
+ Feature testing, Patch release validation 
+ Project planning and estimation 
+ Project responsibility assignment and implementation guidance
+ Evaluation of Performance metrics of the team Vs SLA of Nortel
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
+ Escalation management, Process implementation and Quality audit
+ Identifying the gaps and stream lining of the processes
+ Customer and Partner management
+ Interfacing with OEMs and Design team to fix issues 
+ Resource Management
Bharti Telenet Limited (Broadband and Telephone of Airte ),
Karnataka Circle
Manager - Switch
August 2001 - October 2004 (3 years 3 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
+ VAS and Supplementary feature testing and Implementation
+ Preparation and Validation of feature documentation
+ PoI Acceptance testing
+ MSU and RSU load , system recovery  testing
+ Interface testing for V5.2 , VMS and SMS
+ Switch Planning, Routing and Charging planning and implementation
+ Traffic Analysis and PRI Planning
+ ISDN – BRI and PRI – Video Conference testing and implementation
+ CCR Improvement thru DCMS tool.
+ Team Management
H T L limited, Chennai
Engineer,EWSD System Expert
January 1998 - July 2001 (3 years 7 months)
+ Ss7 Protocol and Call flow analysis and tracing
+ Patch Validation and bug identification
+ Performance Testing for Call Processor , Switching Network in EWSD
+ Subscriber Feature testing ( ISUP , SCCP , TCAP  and INAP )
+ APS ( software load ) Validation Testing 
+ Acceptance Testing for PoI , V5.2 interfaces.
+ Load testing and Recovery testing for EWSD
+ Database Generation and System Dimensioning
+ TAC activities
Punwire Mobile Communications Limited.(Page Me)
Operations Engineer- Pager
January 1998 - May 1998 (5 months)
Coimbatore Area, India
+ Operation and Maintenance of Zetron Paging terminal
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
+ Activation and Deactivation of Pagers
+ Message retrieval and support
Computer Software College (CSC) Training centre
Faculty
March 1997 - December 1997 (10 months)
Coimbatore
+ Faculty for C,Sybase,Oracle and Visual Basic
Education
VLB Janakiammal College of Engg & Tech, Bharathiar
University,Coimbatore
B.E, ECE · (1994 - 1997)
Infodrive,Coimbatore
Diploma In Database Management System (DDMS), Computer Programming,
Database Applications · (1997 - 1998)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/yash-
kumar-0b6a8b125 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Competitive Programming
Data Structures
Algorithms
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
ACM ICPC 2017 World Finalist
TCS Codevita 2017 Finalist
Hackerearth Collegiate Cup 2016
Finalist
TCS Codevita 2018 Winner
Yash Kumar
Co-Founder & CTO @ Pettle ACM ICPC World Finalist 2017, TCS
Codevita 2018 Winner
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Summary
Experience in building scalable and distributed backend systems.
Skilled in C++, Java, SQL, Data Structures and Algorithms.
Experience
Pettle
Chief Technology Officer
August 2023 - Present (8 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
RelicX
Founding Engineer
April 2021 - April 2022 (1 year 1 month)
Rippling
Software Engineer
September 2019 - March 2021 (1 year 7 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Directi
1 year 9 months
Software Development Engineer 2
July 2019 - September 2019 (3 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Back-end engineer at Zeta. Building payment systems.
Software Development Engineer 1
July 2018 - June 2019 (1 year)
Mumbai Area, India
Software Development Intern
January 2018 - June 2018 (6 months)
Mumbai, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Sprinklr
Software Development Intern
May 2017 - July 2017 (3 months)
Gurgaon, India
Education
Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication
Technology
Bachelor of Technology (BTech), Information Technology · (2014 - 2018)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mahadev-
punekar-b9a90154 (LinkedIn)
assimilatetechnologies.com
(Company)
Top Skills
Healthcare LMS Software
ERP Software for Business
Management in UAE
SQL
Languages
Hindi (Full Professional)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Professional Working)
Certifications
Asp.Net
Mahadev Punekar
CTO at Assimilate Technologies
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Passionate about technology, thinking ahead, and Innovative
mindset towards futuristic technologies. Well-versed in implementing
and delivering Complex Enterprise solutions in a variety of domains.
Always open to hearing new ideas, currently handling diverse
portfolios of clients.
Areas of expertise include Technical Project Management, Release
Management, Resource Management, and Delivery Management for
various projects
Experienced in architecting and leading the design and development
of large-size projects and Performance Tuning
Developed and Implemented Real-Time Web Applications using
AngularJS, Signal R Js & C# Dot net
Contributed to the organization in various areas including
Architectural Governance, Pre Sales, and  Optimizing Operations
Experience
Assimilate Technologies
CTO
September 2021 - Present (2 years 7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Synechron
Technology Lead
October 2019 - September 2021 (2 years)
Pune Area, India
LTI - Larsen & Toubro Infotech
Sr. Software Engineer @ L&T Infotech Ltd.
October 2016 - October 2019 (3 years 1 month)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Sanchi Solutions Private Limited
Team Lead & Tech 
August 2013 - July 2016 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Working as Project Manager & Sr. Web Developer in Asp.Net.
Analyzing Information, Software Design, Software Documentation, Software
Testing, Teamwork, General Programming Skills, Software Development
Fundamentals, Software Development Process, Software Requirements,
Software Architecture, Coaching
Education
University of Pune
B.Sc, Computer Science · (2007 - 2010)
Arihant College of arts, commerce and science pulgate -01
M.Sc (Computer science ), Mathematics and Computer
Science · (2011 - 2013)
NIIT Pune.
Diploma, NET Technology · (2010 - 2011)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sachin-
dubey-68185213 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Web Applications
ASP.NET Core
Angular Material
Certifications
Deep Learning: Face Recognition
Learning Cloud Computing: Core
Concepts
Tableau Essential Training
R Statistics Essential Training
Azure for Architects: Design an
Authentication and Data Security
Strategy
Sachin Dubey
CTO at Ashtbit Systems private limited
Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
Experienced Project Manager and certified Data Scientist with a
demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry.
Skilled in Web Applications, BI & BA Applications ,ASP.NET
CORE ,Angular, Web APIS ,BigData, python and R and various
relational and NoSQL Databases. Strong program and project
management professional with a B- Tech focused in Computer
Science & Engineering from Uttar Pradesh Technical University
and certified Data Scientist from  Indian Institute Of Management,
Lucknow..
Experience
Ashtbit Systems Private Limited
Chief Technology Officer
November 2023 - Present (5 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Ashtbit Technologies Pvt Ltd
7 years 11 months
Project Manager
April 2012 - April 2016 (4 years 1 month)
Mumbai Area, India
Technical Lead
November 2010 - April 2012 (1 year 6 months)
Sr. Software Engineer
June 2008 - March 2011 (2 years 10 months)
Infranix Technologies Private limited
Project Engineer
October 2006 - May 2008 (1 year 8 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Education
Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow
MDP- Executive Data Science , Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence and
Business Analytics · (2020 - 2020)
Uttar Pradesh Technical University
B- Tech, Computer Science & Engineering · (2001 - 2005)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/prdn
(LinkedIn)
ardoino.com (Blog)
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Italian (Native or Bilingual)
Paolo A.
Chief Technology Officer at Tether and Bitfinex
United Kingdom
Summary
My greatest passion is pushing the boundaries of what’s possible
with technology. 
I became fascinated with coding when I was 8 years old and ever
since, my favorite thing to do has been experimenting with how new
technologies can be harnessed to solve some of the world's most
pressing problems.
My curiosity has led me to become a versatile builder with
a profound understanding of programming languages and
technologies, algorithms and its applications across diverse
domains, parallel and distributed computing and trading systems. 
For me, coding is unlike any other form of expression. It liberates the
human imagination and enables us with the ability to build entirely
new worlds with endless possibilities. This has led me to explore how
the fields of communication, finance, cryptography and AI can be
leveraged to engineer innovative and resilient infrastructure that can
power the economies of tomorrow. As a lifelong builder, I am always
looking to connect with people who have world changing ideas.
My tech philosophy is rooted in the cypherpunk and open-source
movements.
I am highly skilled in a variety of programming languages and
technologies, including C, Javascript, Node.js, GoLang, C++, C#,
Java, P2P, DHT, Hypercore, Message Queues (ZeroMQ, ...), Linux
(Kernel and User-space develpment), Databases (MongoDB,
SQL, Redis, ...), Artificial Intelligence (machine learning, neural
networks and LLMs), blockchain develpment (Bitcoin, consensus
mechanisms, ...).
My expertise also extends to networking stack, TCP/IP standard
applications, and custom protocol implementations, as well
as parallel and distributed computing. I prioritize scalability,
 
Page 1 of 8
 
 
reliability, and high-availability in all my projects, and I have a
deep understanding of the tech behind the financial sector, with
experience in FIX protocol, Trading Systems development, Order
Management Systems, Investment Management, and back-office
software.
As a longtime Linux fan and user since 1995, I have a background
as a Unix and network administrator, with extensive experience as a
Linux Kernel hacker and security expert.
Experience
Tether.to
Chief Technology Officer
December 2017 - Present (6 years 4 months)
P2P
Tether ( https://tether.to ) is the company that invented the concept of
stablecoins, back in 2014.
A stablecoin is a Cryptocurrency, pegged to the price of a national currency or
a commodity.
As Chief Technology Officer at Tether, I lead the development and security
teams for the company behind the world's largest stablecoin, USDt, which
currently has ~82 billion dollars in assets under management, and our other
stablecoin products such as Tether Gold XAUt, which is a stablecoin pegged
to physical gold. With our stablecoin products being mainly blockchain and
cryptography based, a key part of my role is to ensure the quality, security,
stability, and robustness of the different integrations and solutions, which are
currently available across 14 different blockchains.
In addition to my technical responsibilities, I co-lead the strategy for Tether,
focusing on global expansion, investments, and creating new business lines.
One of my most exciting projects has been co-founding Holepunch, a peer-to-
peer, fully encrypted, unstoppable communication layer that has developed
open-source libraries and components for building applications without any
centralized infrastructure or point of failure. Holepunch's first product, Keet, is a
P2P text, voice, and video chat. As the public face of Tether, I am proud to be
a part of an innovative and forward-thinking team that is shaping the future of
finance and communication
 
Page 2 of 8
 
 
Useful Links:
Info about Tether:  https://tether.to
Info about Tether Gold: https://gold.tether.to
Info about Tether’s Transparency: https://tether.to/en/transparency
Info about Holepunch: https://holepunch.to
Info about Keet: https://keet.io
Bitfinex
9 years 6 months
Chief Technology Officer
March 2015 - Present (9 years 1 month)
P2P
Bitfinex is the world’s leading digital asset trading platform. Established in
2012, it is one of the original Bitcoin exchanges, and today lists over 200
different cryptocurrencies.
We are committed to take the ethos of Bitcoin as a decentralised, immutable
financial system, to deliver financial freedom to communities, cities and
countries around the world.
As Chief Technology Officer, I lead the development of the Bitfinex platform,
and ensure its ability to withstand all market conditions, so that we can meet
the needs of our customers day and night.
Every day presents new and captivating technological challenges that are
diverse, intricate, and ever stimulating. My role encompasses the management
of our technology development team, the evaluation of cutting-edge
technologies and the design and development of our backend infrastructure,
to ensure scalability, high availability, fault tolerance, and high performance.
I am also our Lead Backend Developer and am responsible for coding our
renowned Bitfinex matching engine.
As a true believer in the Bitcoin ethos and the transformative power of
blockchain, I also lead the development of the Bitfinex product strategy.
Collaborating with an exceptional team, we craft products that not only cater to
the needs of traders and wider retail investors, but also those which promote
greater decentralization and financial sovereignty.
 
Page 3 of 8
 
 
To learn more about the ethos and vision that drives Bitfinex forward, please
read the Bitfinex Manifesto, which encapsulates our core principles and
beliefs, and our commitment to harnessing Bitcoin and blockchain technology
to bring freedom to everyone. You can explore our Manifesto at: https://
www.bitfinex.com/manifesto/
Senior Software Developer
October 2014 - February 2015 (5 months)
London, United Kingdom
Tasks: trading engine development, platform scalability and high-availability.
Throughout my first period with Bitfinex my primary duties were to consult,
plan and re-design the backend with a focus on scalability, atomicity and high-
availability. Migrating from a monolithic structure to a distributed/microservices
design required months (years) of work. 
Additionally I was leading the evaluation and integration with the Alphapoint
trading engine; the conclusive decision was to develop and invest to improve
our own trading engine.
Technologies: 
- C
- C++
- Node.js
- ZeroMQ
- Redis
- Ruby (and RoR)
Holepunch
Chief Strategy Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Holepunch is a platform for creating apps that don’t use any servers
whatsoever. No arbitrary limits just better apps that can be shipped instantly,
directly to your users.
Holepunch provides a collection of *small Javascript modules* that can
be combined to create an unlimited variety of P2P apps, from VPNs to
communications tools like Keet. Mix and match them how you like. Since it's all
just Javascript, developing a Holepunch app is as easy as building a web app.
 
Page 4 of 8
 
 
Holepunch helps you distribute your app to any user, on any platform, without
needing to deal with ops. You can release, update, and scale an app directly
from the laptop you developed it on. App updates are fast and efficient―users
only download the parts of your app that have changed since the previous
update.
Keet is the first app released by Holepunch, demonstrating the power of this
technology.
Keet is a Peer-to-peer Video & text chat. Private & encrypted. It only shares
end-to-end encrypted data between the participants in every call. Without
middlemen, third-parties, or servers, there’s nobody left who can snoop on
calls, leak or collect data.
Keet video calls operate over direct connections between you, your friends or
colleagues, without using servers that can throttle your performance. You'll
notice the difference immediately.
When you share a file in Keet, you don’t have to wait for it to upload. Other
peers can immediately download it straight from the source. Megabytes,
gigabytes, or terabytes. No limits.
Keet has Bitcoin Lightning and USDt micropayments built-in.
Useful Links:
Info about Holepunch: https://holepunch.to
Info about Keet: https://keet.io
Fincluster
Partner
2012 - 2015 (3 years)
London, United Kingdom
Backed by two financing investment rounds, Fincluster delivered an
advanced, modern and accessible web platform serving different clients with
customisation capabilities. 
Fincluster developed a comprehensive, cloud-based financial application for
Independent Advisors, Fund Managers and Institutions and served numerous
small and medium sized companies throughout London, Milan and Lugano.
Platform's main features were: historical portfolio tracking with (financial)
performance analysis, financial CRM, order and trade management system,
 
Page 5 of 8
 
 
asset management system, custom automated reporting. All the features were
available for both browsers and mobile devices.
My role as CTO of Fincluster focused around managing the dev team, creating
the backend core and the financial performance calculation libraries and
monitor the security and scalability of the infrastructure. I increased my
financial development background: programming trading integrations (via
FIX and other protocols) with different prime brokers to let our customers
to trade from our platform (funds, options, equities, bonds, FX, ...); financial
applied algorithms/procedures (Modified Diez, IR, VaR, MonteCarlo VaR, ...);
Bloomberg™ integration for TSOX and VCON; OTC basics.
Technologies: 
- AngularJS for the frontend
- Node.js and C++ for backend programming
- PostgreSQL as application's database
- Redis for Caching
Frame Asset Management
Senior full-stack developer for Swiss based Asset Manager
2010 - 2012 (2 years)
At Frame Asset Management I was the lead developer tasked with building an
accounting and trade management/reconciliation system. 
My experience with Frame Asset Management definitively sparked my interest
in FinTech and financial applications development.
Technologies: 
- Ext.js for frontend
- PHP for backend programming 
- MySQL as application's database
Università degli Studi di Genova
2 years
Researcher/Developer for Selex Communications in a Military project
2008 - 2010 (2 years)
Genoa Area, Italy
Throughout this role I refined my High-Availability, Fault-Tolerant and
Distributed Systems knowledge and I experimented extensively with
Cryptography.
 
Page 6 of 8
 
 
Technologies: Linux Kernel, Cryptographic Algorithms, CPU programming,
Networking Algorithms (STP, RSTP, RSTPoR) and Protocols at Linux Kernel
level.
Setup of Marvell DB-DX24GE-4xG Evaluation Board, Armv5t model, Prestera
dx255
Operating System: GNU/Linux (ARM)
Marvell CPSS (Core Prestera Software Suite) development and deep
analysis. 
- Cpss development with api
- Low level board configuration, three phases initialisation
- Kernel configuration
- Multicast routing over cpss
- Galtis evaluation and development
- Ipv4 and ipv6 routing unicast / multicast
- Ingress / egress policy engine (pcl)
- Firewall configuration via cpss : TX and RX policies and routes
- Low level and cpss event handling
- VLAN configuration
- TCAM overview
Researcher at DISI (Departement of Computer Science) for ACIS
September 2009 - November 2009 (3 months)
Genoa Area, Italy
Focused on the development of a Java framework and simulator for packet
routing on vehicular networks using Open Street Map as maps (graphs)
source.
Involutive snc
Co-Founder
January 2007 - April 2009 (2 years 4 months)
Genoa Area, Italy
Involutive was my first company, which was founded as a collaboration with 2
friends at the  Department of Computer Science in Genoa.
Our focus was on web design and web site development for bigger agencies
in Genoa area. Projects were mostly developed using Wordpress and Joomla!
and worked to improve my background in plugin and component building for
those platforms.
 
Page 7 of 8
 
 
At Involutive I designed and developed first releases of the online MMORPG
called WarWide, a 'Risk!' like war game featuring real-time multiplayer
interactions, evolution and strategies. WarWide was my first big project
and a very challenging experience supported by a community that reached
thousands of players in a few months. 
The backend core was developed on the top of PHP and MySQL, enhancing
my knowledge in complexity management, scalability, concurrency and high
performance applications. The frontend was built entirely using html, javascript
and ajax (for client-server communications).
In 2010, WarWide changed owners due to my involvement in more complex
projects.
Freelance Consultant
Security, Software and Web Developer, Distributed Systems Architect
2003 - 2008 (5 years)
Primary areas of focus: 
- Penetration testing
- Security in Unix/Linux infrastructures
- Development of scalable platforms
- Performance analysis
- Optimisations and parallelisation (when possible) of real-time algorithms and
processes
- Full-stack web development
Education
Università degli Studi di Genova
Bachelor of Computer Science, Computer Science · (2003 - 2008)
Liceo Scientifico
Bachelor of Science (BS)  · (1998 - 2003)
 
Page 8 of 8
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mahendra-
moghe-25315713 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Machine Learning
Mahendra Moghe
Chief Technology Officer - Global
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Allwave-AV Systems
Chief Technology Officer
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
A leader with over 25 years of experience driving technology transformation
across large organizations.
I have deployed and managed enterprise infrastructure and data centers for
many large corporations like VSNL, MFUND, Taj Group of Hotels, ICICI Bank,
IDBI Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, Motorola, DuPont, CISCO, MASTEK,
Infosys, Fullerton India Credit Co. Ltd. Aditya Birla Sunlife Insurance Co. Ltd.
and Johnson & Johnson.
Few key achievements over the years -
Strategizing, Implementing, and Managing complete IT Infrastructure & Global
application support desk 
Managing NOC operations for large organizations 
Implementing Citrix Desktop Virtualisation for extremely remote branches with
low bandwidth. (first ever case in India)
Implementation of Microfinance Branches in rural India where power and on-
site IT support is a major issue. Commissioning microfinance branches on
Solar power thereby removing the need to connect to a 240 volts power.
Setting up automation for Business Continuity by building a robust DR setup
with a seamless switch over from Primary site to DR site. 
Today, I am responsible for :
Strategy, Implementation of IT across organizations
Team Building and resource management across geographies 
Delivering software services for large global financial and pharmaceutical
companies
Development of Technology Products
Knowledge across a variety of hardware and software trends (proprietary +
open source technologies) AI ML Big Data, Data lake
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Precise innovation, customer-centric solutions for Global customers
Enterprise Cloud Security for Applications deploy Network Operations center,
design and deliver AI ML-based products for All Wave Global Services
customers
I am genuinely excited about the possibility of what the future holds. 
Feel free to connect with me on mahendra.moghe@allwavegs.com
HCL Technologies
NOC Head
June 2021 - December 2021 (7 months)
India
Headed Global Network Operations Center for Johnson and Johnson Ltd.
Ensure SLAs are met. Ensure Changes are coordinated implemented across
countries like Japan, China Korea where knowledge of spoken English
language is a rare skill. Handle Major Incidents efficiently by involving the right
skills at right time and escalate to stake holders before there is any business
impact across LATAM, EMEA and ASPAC region. Design and implement
efficient process so that services are restored without any business impact.
Select mentor and groom new engineer and arrange various training on new
technologies like SDWAN, Cisco Meraki. Arrange tools training (Service Now,
Logic Monitor, Moogsoft etc.) which enable efficient service delivery for huge
and complex network of this Pharmaceutical conglomerate.
Trident Retail Networks
Sales Director
February 2020 - June 2021 (1 year 5 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Achieving growth and hitting sales targets by successfully managing the sales
team
Designing and implementing a strategic sales plan that expands company’s
customer base and ensure it’s strong presence. Handled Major FMCG
brands like Parle, Britannia, Chitale, Xotik Frujus, Ocean Fruit Drink and Lindt
Chocolates.
Managing recruiting, objectives setting, coaching and performance monitoring
of sales representatives
Present sales, revenue and expenses reports and realistic forecasts to the
management team
Identify emerging markets and market shifts while being fully aware of new
products and competition status
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Training for newly recruited sales managers
Merchandise, Design/Draw Planogram for retail shops, Daily sales Beat
(Permanent Journey Plan), Mark up and Mark down margin, CRM application
training etc.
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance
Assistant Vice President Information Technology
May 2014 - February 2020 (5 years 10 months)
India
Responsible for IT Infrastructure and IT Operations
Ensure 99.9% up time for IT infra 
Manage 430 Branches 5500 Desk tops, 10000 Mobile devices, 500 server 450
Network Routers, 10000 Users, 450 TB of Enterprise Data. 
Responsible for uptime of core Policy admin system (Ingenium). 
Data Centre Operations and Information Security 
Designed and deployed Artificial Intelligence and natural language processing
NLP Based applications.
Deployed Robotic Process Automation for various business process which
resulted in huge cost save for the organization.
Amazon and Azure Cloud deployments for Enterprise applications.
Completed Training on Architecting on AWS cloud and Six Sigma Green Belt
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pillaijay
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Enterprise Software
Software Development
Cloud Computing
Languages
Hindi
English
Malayalam
Certifications
Certified Blockchain Expert
Jay Pillai
Chief Technology Officer
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
* Deep hands-on technology leader and a proponent of disruptive
innovations; leading distributed teams delivering high quality,
innovative and world-class enterprise software products; hands-
on expertise in technology management, enterprise software
development and global operations. 
* Have brought products from inception to 100’ of millions of users
across B2B and B2C domains with broad experience across cloud,
server, mobile and web; Product Revenues range from start-up
to $1B; Team sizes have ranged from inception to 500+ across
engineering, QA, cloud operations and product analysts
* Proven track record of building and leading high-performance
teams (architecture, engineering, release, and product management)
across multiple continents; defining initial vision, roadmap,
methodology; processes required in creating the respective
disciplines and growing teams; establishing a culture of productivity
& quality where validation occurs at every possible step – team sizes
have been from start-ups to scale-ups to large organizations
* Known for being an interpreter of business needs to the
engineering team, and technology speak to the business leadership.
Drive business focused technology growth through visionary
engineering technology leadership
* Managed transition of products through periods of major
architecture and technology revisions; monolithic to decoupled,
cloud-native, microservice applications with rich set of REST / OPEN
APIs; implementing event-driven architecture using Apache Kafka
providing near real-time data.
* Innovative; action-oriented; approachable; winning confidence of
team, leadership & customers; empowering engineers to innovate
while providing technical expertise to make decisions best for
business
* Domain experience in B2B and B2C SaaS – enterprise technology
segments across database, middleware, complex industry
applications; Rich industry experience across Financial Services,
Insurance, Healthcare
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Experience
Azentio Software
Chief Technology Officer
June 2022 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Finastra
Head Of Engineering (Retail Banking, Digital & Cloud)
July 2018 - May 2022 (3 years 11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
* Responsible for strategic planning, product planning, architecture,
engineering, and release of retail core banking and digital banking solutions.
Member of the Finastra Leadership team worldwide responsible for overall
business and technology strategy
* Inherited a team with no discerning work process and instilled the Agile
software development methodology. Created a dynamic culture of trust,
healthy conflict, commitment, accountability, and results. Attracted and
retained a team of over 300 engineers who are spread over centers of
excellence in London, Bangalore, Dubai, and Manila. eNPS moved from -10 to
+ 50
* Transformed the core banking strategy from legacy back-office to a next-
generation, cloud-native banking platform with decoupled, microservice
applications providing rich set of open/rest APIs; event-streaming architecture
using Apache Kafka; digital engagement, and embedded AI/ML within banking
processes. 
* Initiated the decoupling of monolithic application; developing stand-alone
applications built around business domains by adopting microservice and
event-driven architecture. 
* Developed integration capabilities around fraud detection & analytics, open
banking & PSD2 providers, data & credit companies, payment providers KYC
providers etc.
* Enabled the enterprise product to become the flagship product of Finastra
and was rated as a leader by Forrester with the highest score for strategy
in Digital Banking Platform Wave, September 2020. Customer NPS and
Retention in the high 90’s with annual ARR over $100 M with a double-digit
growth.
* Achieved 87% reduction in backlogs; accomplished 96% test automation &
91% code coverage; reduced commit-do-deploy time with CI/CD process to
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
minutes; shortened release cycles from yearly to weekly; delivered multiple
releases with no regressions.
* Launched a strategic initiative to move to Cloud Core Banking successfully
with Neo Banks and later expanded to larger Tier 3 & 4 banks
Zoylo Digihealth Pvt Ltd
Chief Technology Officer
November 2016 - June 2018 (1 year 8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
* Defined the vision, roadmap, architecture for a healthcare technology
platform (SaaS) – ZOYLO – connecting end-users to a vast spectrum of
healthcare services with an ecosystem of services such as doctors, hospitals,
diagnostic centers, home-care services etc. Product features included
map-based search, appointment schedule, practice management, online
consultation, electronic health record, eCommerce, payment gateway etc.
Established an engineering team with over 60 engineers. Developed the
product following twelve-factor app principles and adopting microservice &
event-driven architecture. Manage full lifecycle product development cycles
in an agile scrum fashion. Achieved over 5 million users in the initial 3 months
post nation-wide rollout.
* Product won (1) Best Healthcare startup of the year (World Startup Expo,
Bangalore) and (2) Best Healthcare App of the year (India Health & Wellness
Summit, New Delhi).
RakSan Consulting
Chief Technology Officer
December 2015 - October 2016 (11 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Established a product engineering team for the startup by hiring over 70
engineers. Implemented agile process and best software development
practices for engineering. Deployed new tools and technologies for continuous
integration, automated deployments, automated testing, and application
performance monitoring to ensure validation at every possible step.
OpenText
Senior Director (Software Engineering)
August 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 2 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
* Led the IDC Architecture Review Group in bringing innovate solutions to
enable seamless integration of products; in ensuring architectural standards
are incorporated across all enterprise products and revised as needed.
* Drove the business case that led to the $330M acquisition of Actuate, a
leading business intelligence product.
* Headed product engineering teams:  
o Vignette Records & Documents (VRD
o Integrated Document Management (IDM)
o Business Intelligence & Analytics for GXS (global cloud based B2B
integration & services)
Oracle
16 years 3 months
Senior Director (Software Development) - Financial Services
June 2010 - March 2014 (3 years 10 months)
Hyderabad, India
* Responsible for establishing new product development centers for Oracle
Insurance business unit at Hyderabad and Bangalore. Grew the organizational
strength to over 200 by attracting top talents, to augment US suite.
* Drove transformational change in the development and deployment of Oracle
Insurance Product Administration (OIPA) product by adopting Oracle Fusion
technology stack.
* Reduced operational cost over 150% by moving product development
offshore; shortened release cycle to rapid 90 days, implemented Group
Insurance in OIPA resulting in 80% growth (from $22M to $42M).
* Rolled out OIDX (Insurance Data Exchange) to Cloud, the first among Oracle
GBUs.
Director (Software Development) - Fusion Middleware
August 2006 - June 2010 (3 years 11 months)
Redwood Shores, CA, USA
* Responsible for the complete life cycle of core infrastructure components
of Oracle Fusion Applications; implemented application specific guidelines
(OJDeploy) and code audit (OJAudit) ensuring over 1M lines of core layer
compiled with high-availability, performance and security guidelines;
developed near-zero downtime and zero data-loss migration framework
using Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) to enable customers migrate from Oracle
eBusiness to Oracle Fusion.
Senior Development Manager – Applications Technology Group
April 2002 - August 2006 (4 years 5 months)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Redwood Shores, CA, USA
* Part of the management team responsible for the complete life cycle of
Oracle Applications Framework (OAF)
Development Manager – Java Technology Foundation (JTF)
January 1998 - April 2002 (4 years 4 months)
Redwood Shores, CA, USA
* Led the engineering team responsible for Declarative Components
Framework and Wireless Framework and business intelligence reporting
framework
Education
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
Executive Management Programme, Management
University of Kerala
Bachelor's degree 
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wonderpillars
(LinkedIn)
www.wonderpillars.com/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Mobile Applications
Website Development
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Steve Vedang
chief technology officer
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
Wonder Pillars Technology is a privately possessed IT Company that
is based in Noida (NCR) of India. The company have also its branch
offices in USA & Switzerland. We are known as a professional
offshore IT Company that renders and runs different types of website
development, designing, mobile app development, SEO, SMO, PPC
and a different others.
We basically focus on the quality of the services and also on secure,
expandable and scalable business systems. This is why, our
professionals will serve you with the best possible expertise in terms
of delivering the needed services. Our information technologies
solutions are offered by the professionals of the industry and
designed with a spotlight to fulfill the exact needs and requirement of
our clients. We value for the money of our clients and hence, serve
them with our high quality and reliable offshore web-based solutions.
Beside this, we are specializes in E-commerce website development,
product development, web enablement, web applications and
several other services that will help your business to grow effectively.
We are also known for completing all the projects within the
promised timeframes.
Experience
Wonder Pillars Technology Pvt. Ltd.
Chief Technology Officer
January 2016 - Present (8 years 3 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Wonder Pillars is a 06-year-old, organization, supporting business across
North America, Canada, EU & APAC..
Wonders Pillars specialty is establishing nearshore dedicated teams across
the United States, Canada, and Latin America from a startup to established.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
We have a talent pool of 100+ certified and experience software engineers and
team members.
Expertise-
Custom Software Development
Application Development & Support
Web & Mobile App Development
Ecommerce and Digital Marketing
Magento development & Support
Website- https://www.wonderpillars.com/
Email:-info@wonderpillars.in
Skype ID: james@wonderpillars.com
Phone No: +1(678) 500-9350
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/hardik-
acharya-5b142317 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Telecommunications Management
Telecommunications
Fiber Optics
Hardik Acharya
Chief technology officer
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Summary
Taking care of 2G 3G 4G performance
Experience
airtel
4 years 7 months
Chief Technology Officer
May 2022 - Present (1 year 11 months)
Gujarat, India
Mobile technology for people 
Head Of Planning
September 2019 - May 2022 (2 years 9 months)
Jaipur, Rajasthan, India
Ericsson
RF team Lead
2006 - May 2022 (16 years)
Fascel Limited
RF engineer
2003 - 2006 (3 years)
Education
Dharmsinh Desai University
B.E, E C · (1999 - 2002)
 
Page 1 of 1
