CTO/Vara Prasad PVenkata.txt CTO/Bahman Koohestani.txt CTO/Tina Buop.txt CTO/Annamarie Burke.txt CTO/William Jacob.txt CTO/Raghunandan S.txt CTO/Ishita Sharma.txt CTO/Siddharth Jogia.txt CTO/Tushar Pathare.txt CTO/Will Villanueva.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vara-prasad-
pvenkata-264798293 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Service Delivery
Enterprise Software
Director level
Vara Prasad PVenkata
Chief Technology Officer at PENTAGON GLOBAL SOLUTIONS PVT
LTD
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
I am Vara Prasad, have been in the IT industry for 25+ years. In my
career, gained extensive experience in end to end development &
deployments of the large scale web and mobile applications. Well
expertise on health care, Banking and E-Commerce projects.
Experience
PENTAGON GLOBAL SERVICES
Chief Technology Officer
PENTAGON GLOBAL SOLUTIONS PVT LTD
9 years 9 months
Chief Technology Officer
November 2018 - Present (5 years 5 months)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Managing Director
July 2014 - October 2018 (4 years 4 months)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
UHG (Unified Healthcare Group)
Head of Information Technology Operations
November 2012 - June 2014 (1 year 8 months)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
L&T Technology Services
Module Lead
September 2010 - October 2012 (2 years 2 months)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Capgemini
Team Lead
January 2008 - August 2010 (2 years 8 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Tata Consultancy Services
Senior Software Engineer
October 2003 - December 2007 (4 years 3 months)
Greater Bengaluru Area
Sonata Software
Software Engineer
January 1999 - September 2003 (4 years 9 months)
Greater Bengaluru Area
Education
JNTUH College of Engineering Hyderabad
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Computer Science · (August 2014 - December
2019)
JNTUH College of Engineering Hyderabad
Bachelor of Technology - B.Tech, Computer Science · (April 1994 - May 1998)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/bahmank
(LinkedIn)
www.acvauctions.com (Company)
Top Skills
Innovation Management
Go-to-market Strategy
Strategy
Bahman Koohestani
Chief Technology Officer
Palo Alto, California, United States
Summary
Leading, managing and creating a culture of technology delivery,
innovation, differentiation and courage. 
Leading all aspects of technology and product delivery, architecture
and scalability, operations and support in partnership with
customers, business, marketing and customer support organizations.
Applying technology as one of the key strategic and competitive
differentiator.
Specialties: Leadership, execution and empowerment, creativity and
innovation and a complete technical understanding of architecture,
systems and operations.
Experience
ACV Auctions
Chief Technology Officer
September 2021 - Present (2 years 7 months)
Led Product and Technology
LendingClub
Chief Technology Officer
May 2018 - September 2021 (3 years 5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Leading all technology engineering, operations product management and data
analytics. 
Clarivate Analytics
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
December 2014 - May 2018 (3 years 6 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Leading all technology innovation, platforms, applications and delivery
for products and businesses. Managed all technology modernization and
introduction of analytics and AI into the product offerings. 
NexTag - Wize Commerce
EVP & CTO - Product & Technology
August 2010 - May 2014 (3 years 10 months)
Manage all aspects of technology platforms and product strategy, data center
operations and product/technology innovation
PayPal
VP Global Products
April 2009 - August 2010 (1 year 5 months)
Leading global consumer and merchant product development at Paypal.
jaxtr
CEO & VP Engineering
June 2008 - April 2009 (11 months)
Jaxtr is a leading edge networking and technology company enabling linking
phones to the web for social networking, call control and cost effective
international communications.
Cyworld
CTO
February 2008 - June 2008 (5 months)
- Instrumental on helping lead and define the company global strategy on
product, operations and technology fronts.
- Worked on defining new products and services that could create a
competitive differentiator.
- Collaborated with the investors to identify strategic options on all fronts.
Orbitz Worldwide
SVP CIO/CTO
April 2004 - December 2007 (3 years 9 months)
Led and managed all aspects of technology delivery including infrastructure,
development, quality assurance, 
project management, operations, and internal applications and support.
Delano Technology
Executive VP of Engineering and co-founder
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
April 1998 - November 2003 (5 years 8 months)
Founded the company to create the CRM platform and applications aimed at
enterprises expanding their busi- 
ness and customer relationships online.
Netscape
VP Messaging Technology
March 1995 - April 1998 (3 years 2 months)
Managed all aspects of development, quality assurance and technology due
diligence related to Web messag- 
ing, collaboration and email products. Started as the Director of Technology.
Delrina
Sr. Director of Technology
November 1990 - February 1995 (4 years 4 months)
Responsible for architecture, delivery and deployment of all e-forms products
aimed at larger customers. Man- 
aged the development, quality assurance and project management teams.
Started as a Senior Software Developer.
Education
York University
B.Sc., Computer Science · (1980 - 1984)
York University
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Computer Science · (1980 - 1984)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tinabuop
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Healthcare IT
HIPAA
EMR
Tina Buop
Chief Information Officer / CISO
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
Healthcare technology leader who is dedicated to driving excellence
and catalyzing transformative change across the continuum of
healthcare.
Experience
HCA Far West Division
Chief Information Officer, PPMSI Division
January 2019 - Present (5 years 3 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
• Produce executive IT strategies, plans, and roadmaps for new capabilities
that drive growth and market expansion.
• Lead the technology planning, architecture, application development, delivery
& support for client facing solutions and internal company operations.  
• Serve as an executive partner to new and existing clients to solve issues for
managed healthcare, health plans, medical groups, practices and health data
organizations.
• Lead the adaptation of regulatory requirements including CFRs Technical
Research, HIPAA & Omnibus, Stark Compliance, Sarbanes Oxley SOX,
NCQA Hedits & AMP, MACRA MIPS,  ANSI ISO, NIST, IHE, HL7 & PCI-DSS. 
• Build strategic internal partnerships with key roles across the organization
and positively impact change and organizational EBDITA. 
• Produce, measure and monitor work performed based on support SLAs and
Change Management
LeanMD
CEO / CIO
April 2016 - December 2018 (2 years 9 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
My mission as healthcare technology executive has always been to deliver
innovative solutions that benefit all partners involved in the delivery of quality
care. 
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Recruited by the board to establish the organization, create technical
foundation and market.  
• Value and Innovation. Positioned the LeanMD organization as a competitor
in the healthcare solutions treatment marketplace while ensuring 100% of the
company’s operating systems are in the cloud.
• Vision. Set vision and executed strategies for producing 30% YOY increase
in units 
• New Products. Led a joint team of researchers, pharmacists, physicians and
legal to introduce 5 new consumer products
• Fiscal Responsibility. Created and managed the development of the first
EBITDA, valuation and acquisition of private funding producing funds to further
the objectives of producing a mobile based application
• Technology 100% Cloud. Produced the business and technology roadmaps
to create a business that is 100% in the cloud for all technical assets, vendors,
escrow, compliance and access. 
• LeanMD Board Member Jan 2014 to 2018.
HealthCare Partners
1 year 6 months
CIO and CISO
July 2015 - April 2016 (10 months)
El Segundo, California, United States
Executive leadership of a dynamic California IS/IT team that designed,
developed and delivered applications, infrastructure and support for California,
Nevada & Arizona representing over 1 million healthcare lives.
* Provided support and expertise for the DaVita HCP Acquisition Executive
Team supporting the merger & acquisition of 11 medical groups and IPA
purchases in 14 months. 
* Team delivery of Corporate HQ Relocation, ICD10 Conversion &
Implementation and Sarbanes Oxley SOX 404 Application and Internal
Controls improvements.
* Servant leader that supported my leadership team member’s growth,
business development interactions, ability to lean into new DevOps efficiencies
and strategic planning & execution.
Sr. Director of Interoperability & IPA CIS
November 2014 - April 2016 (1 year 6 months)
Torrance, CA
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Lead a service oriented team that provides SaaS products to our Independent
Physician Community and the Interoperability programs to connect our patient
community.
Accomplishments include transforming the Technical, Business and Growth
opportunities for the hosted solutions. Replacing the technical architecture and
most importantly connecting with our IPA Physicians, Providers and Practices!
Implementing several new solutions including Patient Portals, Interfaces,
Mobile and more.
La Clinica
CTO / IT Transformation Consultant
May 2012 - October 2014 (2 years 6 months)
Led La Clinica’s technical transformation and adaptation to new enterprise
solutions, Electronic Health Records, Imaging, Data Warehouse, Data
Exchange, Financial and HR Systems all managed in the cloud.
Produced first Electronic Dental Record & Dental Imaging in the cloud as an
integrated EHR specialty 
Team Development for 3 Organizational 3 Grant Awards: 
 John Muir Community Health Foundation for Dental Innovations in an EHR
 John Muir Community Health Foundation for Clinical Informatics & EHR
Adoption.
 HRSA Award Integrated Behavioral Heath
Executive Sponsor I.T. project and process Agile workflows including needs
assessments, program prioritization, development, testing, quality assurance
testing, software configuration and operational integration.
Muir Medical Group IPA, Inc.
Chief Information Officer / Chief Information Security Officer
July 2007 - April 2012 (4 years 10 months)
San Francisco East Bay
Developed and led a new clinical integration division responsible for
automating and connecting independently owned physician offices in the
San Francisco East Bay. Created a progressive team to design, develop,
implement, support and integrate practice management, Electronic Health
Records, 14+ data interfaces across 3 East Bay Counties.  Directed and
managed the internal IT support for the IPA including finance, IT, project
management, applications development, quality assurance testing, production
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
support, training & adoption, executive operations, privacy & security and
network/infrastructure support.  Served as the CISO for policies, technical
security management, disaster recovery and business continuity. Designed
and led Governance & Executive Committees.
Mills Peninsula Medical Group IPA, Inc.
Director, Division of Physician Support Services / EMR Implementation
April 2006 - August 2007 (1 year 5 months)
Design, recruit and lead a new team to implement, deliver and support
software automation for physician practices; including point to point integrated
practice management solutions, electronic medical records, HL7 EDI
interfaces such as hospital labs, vendor labs, radiology results etc.  Post
implemenation support included software release management, workflow
evaluation and improvements and introduction of new product features such as
integrated EKG systems.
Blue Shield of California
Sr.Mgr. eBusiness
August 2004 - March 2006 (1 year 8 months)
Sr. Product Manager for Blue Shield of California's web presence. Responsible
for 
Product management of four portals: Consumer, Member, Provider, and
Producer. Business implementation and support for 6 IT Projects. Lead the
foundational/cross portal road map contributions for the 2006-2008 strategy.
Responsible for web analytics for on-line behavior, product changes, and
online adoption. Co-sponsored a unified support model with IT Operations
and IT Applications for a consolidated work request process, project
implementation and post implementation support.
Robert Half International
Manager, Project Services Group
2000 - 2004 (4 years)
DHL Worldwide Express
eCommerce Program Manager, Director
1992 - 2000 (8 years)
Education
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
California State University-Hayward - School of Business and
Economics
Bachelor's degree, Political Science and Government
University of Puget Sound
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/annamarie-
burke (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Negotiation
Technical Leadership
Strategic Thinking
Languages
English
Spanish
Certifications
Project Management Professional
(PMP)
Patents
Wireless Battery Charging System
Having Adaptive Parameter Sensing
Annamarie Burke
Chief Technology Officer
Miami-Fort Lauderdale Area
Summary
WHO I AM:
►A high-performing technology executive with a distinguished history
of building transformative global development organizations
MY COMPETENCIES INCLUDE:
►Hardware & Software Engineering • Global Team Management
• Program Management • Research & Development • Business
Transformation • Resource Planning • Process Innovation • Strategy
• Executive Leadership • Project Management • Agile • Scrum •
Budgeting • Vendor Management • Compliance • Certification • Risk
Management • Leadership Development • Talent Management •
Spanish Fluency and more...
I welcome your contact via LinkedIn.
Experience
SCRAM Systems
Chief Technology Officer
July 2023 - Present (9 months)
Chief
Member
March 2022 - Present (2 years 1 month)
Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States
U.S. Bank
Senior Vice President of Software Engineering
December 2021 - July 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Zebra Technologies
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Director – Engineering • Global Advanced Technology Development
Leadership
2014 - December 2021 (7 years)
Miramar, Florida, United States
Lead the full software lifecycle of major advanced technology development
programs, applying an Agile framework as the head of a DevSecOps
organization located in the US, India, and Canada architecting and delivering
software tools, automation programs, builds, and releases for the EMC
mobile product portfolio comprising 75% of corporate revenues. As such, I
was responsible for strategic and human capital planning, P&L, and capital
investments as the business resource manager for global EMC Engineering
organization with 940 employees. Key achievements:
►Leading the successful deployment of an Agile culture and CICD best
practices.
►Defining an operational framework supporting the needs of a rapidly growing
organization achieving sustained year-over-year revenue growth.
►Deploying automation systems that boosted software build output 10X while
reducing build time by 50%.
►Directing the full scope of planning and execution of a release management
orchestration tool for an anticipated 2020 release.
►Building a high performing organization with a deep bench of leadership
talent.
Motorola Solutions
Senior Engineering Manager – Platform Hardware
2011 - 2014 (3 years)
Plantation, Florida, United States
In 2011, I was appointed by senior leadership to serve as the executive
champion heading the creation of a new engineering organization to architect
and develop scalable hardware platforms for use across multiple business
units from the entry tier products in our commercial lines to our trunked
products used in mission critical sectors.  I built and led this global engineering
organization with team members in the US, Denmark, Israel, China, Russia,
and Malaysia designing suites of “plug and play” hardware components
including custom integrated circuits, chipsets, digital, audio, RF, Wi-Fi,
touchscreens, and Bluetooth modules.   
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Key achievements:
►Aligned MSI's global teams around a unified engineering roadmap. I
developed the charter and led  global demonstrations securing the buy-in
and participation of groups around the world toward the mission of a scalable
architecture using common platforms.
►Delivered MSI’s first solution running Android with LTE sub-circuitry. We
rapidly delivered the proof-of-concept in partnership with more than 20
vendors, creating potential new revenue-positive applications for lower-tier
markets.
►Generated more than $2.5M in cumulative development cost savings by
producing compatibility in component architectures shortening development
cycles, extending the ROI on the R&D investment, and elevating product
quality.
►Extended the planned platforms' longevity via collaboration with our global
suppliers, influencing enhancements and modifications to the quality,
technology, and architecture roadmaps.
►Nominated and appointed to the Next Generation Leader program which was
used to recognize and grow the top 1% of managers at Motorola
Motorola
19 years
Technical Engineering Management Leader and Principal Program
Manager 
2005 - 2010 (5 years)
Plantation, Florida, United States
My technical and engineering management responsibilities were enhanced to
include full program management and budget responsibilities.
As the Strategic Program Manager, I drove the design of the long-term
corporate roadmap via leadership in the optimization of return on investment
for strategic development initiatives for the $1B land mobile radio business
unit. Key achievements:
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
►Conceptualizing and managing Lean Six Sigma-oriented programs, leading
program teams delivering value via analysis and cross-functional execution.
►Rescuing the at-risk programs.  My team and I accelerated the delivery cycle
by 25% via process redesign and the introduction of operational discipline.
►Strengthening the program planning cycle, achieving a 35% reduction in
product change requests. This sharpened the focus on resource utilization,
product roadmaps, and the core skills sets for the Development organization.
Electrical Engineer - Engineering Manager
1991 - 2005 (14 years)
After joining Motorola as an Electrical Engineer, I was rapidly promoted
through several roles to become an Engineering Section Manager responsible
for leading teams in the development of full radio solutions for the public safety
market. These R&D organizations included Digital, Audio, RF and SW teams
across the globe designing and certifying custom hardware and software.   In
addition to new product development, I concurrently ran the maintenance of
line organization for a segment of the portfolio.  
Education
Georgia Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Science - BS, Electrical Engineering
National Technological University
Master of Science, Electrical Engineering – Communication ICs and DSP
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/william-jacob-
aa641122a (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Machine Learning
UX / UI Designer
William Jacob
CTO At Infotech Pvt Ltd
India
Summary
Michael from an IT Firm, Doing same from last 13 yrs. Expertise
area- 
1. Web & Mobile App dev
2.Customization & Maintenance   
3.Project documentation
4.Resource Augmentation skill set basis 
5.Take over in-complete project 
6.Google, Facebook ads
Tech Stack Used: - [ WEB APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT]
Technologies:    PHP, ASP.NET, JAVA, PYTHON, MERN,
Framework:  (Laravel, CodeIgniter, Zend, YII), 
(Web Forms, ASP.NET, ASP.NET   MVC, ASP.NET Webpage’s),
(Spring Boot, Struts, Hibernate, JSF, ETC)
Database: MYSQL, POSTGRESS, MONGO, ORACLE, ETC
Tech Stack Used: - [ MOBILE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT]
Technologies:  NATIVE, HYBRID, CROSS PLATFORM,
Framework: (ANDROID, IOS [SWIFT (KITURA), UIKIT]), KOTLIN, 
XAMARIN, IONIC, APACHE CORDEVA [PHONEGAP], (REACT
NATIVE, FLUTTER), 
Database:   MYSQL, POSTGRESS, MONGO, ORACLE, ETC
Kindly have a look at it & connect with us.
Experience
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Infotech Pvt Ltd 
Chief Technology Officer
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
We deal with Technical team along with Client Handling. Pleanning for Project
Execution ,Expansion of team.
Project discussion with clients. Help in Company business planning .
Avantika Innovations Private Limited
Chief Technology Officer
November 2018 - November 2023 (5 years 1 month)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
• Represent the technological agenda in staff meetings and when making
hiring decisions
• Maintain current knowledge of the technology landscape and developments
• Consolidate our technology platforms and create plans for each
• Track, analyze and monitor technology performance metrics
• Identify new areas of digital marketing opportunities and create plans to
implement them for our clients and us
• Take the initiative in thought leadership, innovation, and creativity
• Spearhead IT projects to increase our market reach and improve our USP
• Oversee all system design and changes in system architecture
AKT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
Chief Operating Officer
April 2012 - October 2019 (7 years 7 months)
India
• Design and implement business strategies, plans, and procedures
• Set comprehensive goals for performance and growth
• Establish policies that promote company culture and vision
• Oversee daily operations of the company and the work of executives (IT,
Marketing, Sales, Finance, etc.)
• Lead employees to encourage maximum performance and dedication
• Evaluate performance by analyzing and interpreting data and metrics
• Write and submit reports to the CEO in all matters of importance
• Assist CEO in fundraising ventures
• Participate in expansion activities (investments, acquisitions, corporate
alliances, etc.)
• Manage relationships with partners/vendors
Katyayani Technologies Private Limited
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Business Operation Head
August 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 8 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
• Organized events to increase staff motivation and engagement
• Analyzed data to calculate the cost-benefit ratio
• Located problems in the company’s supply chain through quality control
checks
• Created programmes for employees’ professional development
• Established objectives for increased output and improved efficiency
• Monitored the overall budget of the business as well as departmental budgets
• Established corporate guidelines and carrying out frequent changes while
ignoring workflow and procedure
• Resolved disputes between departments about resources
• Examined the company’s resource management and looking for ways to
boost employee productivity
• Developing tools to automate repetitious processes
• Monitored on-site projects and field operations
• Resolved inventory management concerns
Education
UPTU
Master of Computer Applications - MCA, Computer Programming, Specific
Applications · (July 2007 - June 2010)
UPTU
Master of Computer Applications - MCA, Computer Applications · (July
2007 - June 2010)
Uttar Pradesh Technical University 
Master of Computer Applications - MCA, Computer  Application · (July
2007 - June 2010)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
manufacturingexcellence
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Workshops
People Management
Training & Development
Languages
English
Kannada
Hindi
Raghunandan S.
Vice President - Manufacturing Intelligence
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Revitalize your team Through Orientation and training programs. 
Mentor & Trainer, Leadership development, Process Mapping and
improvement for higher profits,  L&D,  
Have extensive experience in setting up manufacturing projects in
electrical industry.
Specialties: Setting up and running manufacturing facility for control
panels on D-B-O-T basis.
Experience
Zimetrics Technologies
Vice President - Manufacturing Intelligence
March 2022 - Present (2 years 1 month)
Bangalore, India
Design of Connected Factories, Smart Processes, IoT, Digitization of
processes
Manufacturing Excellence
Manufacturing Excellence Consultant
October 2018 - March 2022 (3 years 6 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Training & Development, Process mapping and improvement, Employee
engegement, Employee Performance Indicators.
Load Controls India Pvt. Ltd.
CRO - Chief Resources Officer
December 2013 - October 2018 (4 years 11 months)
Bangalore, India
LCIPL
Vice President - Manufacturing
December 2013 - April 2018 (4 years 5 months)
Bangalore, India
Operations management:
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
- Manufacturing Excellence, manpower utilization and balancing 
- Cost Control
- Resource utilization & deployment
- Skill building
- Process Mapping and optimization
- Value proposition through Sustainable  economization
Suzlon Energy Ltd
Head Manufacturing Engineering - Panels.
June 2004 - September 2013 (9 years 4 months)
I am currently heading the Manufacturing Engineering - Control Panel Unit at
Suzlon Energy Ltd.
ASE
CTO
August 1988 - June 2004 (15 years 11 months)
Macmet India Ltd
Asst. Manager
September 1986 - July 1988 (1 year 11 months)
Bells Controls Ltd
3 years
Engineer
1984 - 1987 (3 years)
Engineer
1984 - 1987 (3 years)
Education
M S R I T
B E, Electrical Engineering · (1978 - 1983)
Bangalore University
BE, Electrical Engineering · (1978 - 1982)
M.E.S. College of Arts Science & Commerce
PUC, Science · (1975 - 1977)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ishita-
sharma-82050178 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
IT
Java
C++
Ishita Sharma
Director and CTO | Revenue Growth | Leaders Connect
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Ishita Sharma is a strategic thought leaders with an impressive
career of delivering advanced solutions and implementing both
Technical and business strategies for the organizations. Ishita’s
technological innovations, Talent management, Enterprise Strategy,
Outsourcing and Transformation helped organization to have
competitive advantage. 
Experience
KapsTag 
Director and CTO
April 2017 - Present (7 years)
Pune Area, India
Ishita Sharma is a strategic thought leaders with an impressive career of
delivering advanced solutions and implementing both Technical and business
strategies for the organizations. Ishita’s technological innovations, Talent
management, Enterprise Strategy, Outsourcing and Transformation helped
organization to have competitive advantage. 
Area of expertise-
Executive Management 
• Work Force management
• Heading Technology & Delivery
• Heading Operations & delivery 
• Strategic Business Planning 
• Client Relationship Management 
• Policy and Procedures 
• Business Road Map
• Budget Management 
• Top / Bottom line management
Delivery Management 
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
• Heading of Delivery 
• Process Management
• Business Process Transformation
• Global Delivery Management
• Project Management
• Business Process Reengineering
• Profit & Loss Management 
Tech Mahindra
Engineer
April 2016 - March 2017 (1 year)
Pune Area, India
Worked as“Software engineer” possessing valuable insights, critical analysis
and team approach to implement job assigned  in high pressure environments
with strict deadlines and multiple deliverable.
Wide experience over IT product and services industries. 
Core skills-
Software Engineering, application support, IT Project Mgmt, Software
development, Application Development, Software Design,  Client Relationship,
C, C++, JAVA, SQL, PLSQL, HTML, Javascript, Oracle, Manual Testing,
Proprietary tools, Resource management etc
Education
Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal 
Master of Technology (M.Tech.), Computer Software
Engineering · (2011 - 2014)
Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Bhopal
B.E. Computer Science, Information Technology · (2006 - 2010)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/siddharthjogia
(LinkedIn)
youthpowersolutions.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Cross-functional Team Leadership
Data Analysis
Game Development
Languages
Gujarati
English
Hindi
Certifications
Microsoft Certified Professional
Microsoft Technology Associate
- Software Development
Fundamentals
Microsoft Specialist - Programming
in HTML5 with JavaScript  and CSS3
Publications
Improved Methodology for
Data Transmission and Object
Serialization using JSON
Siddharth Jogia
Chief Technical Officer (CTO) & Game Product Manager
Greater Rajkot Area
Summary
Experienced Game Product Manager with over 10+ years of
expertise in the dynamic fields of web and game products. Currently,
I thrive in the captivating world of arcade, board and merge genre
games, where I bring a unique blend of creativity and strategic
thinking to drive engaging user experiences.
Responsibility followed as Game Product Manager and CTO
- Impact on end-to-end product lifecycle of features, spanning
multiple areas
- Own and independently write specifications for features like
LiveOps Events, Daily Activity based Systems, Leaderboards
- Manage products with cross-functional team members and
motivate team to achieve goal with great quality standards
- Execute product strategy for areas of focus based on the heath
metrics that needs more attention or improvement
- Apply a hypothesis based analytical approach, conduct
experimentation to improve required game metrics like retention,
monetization, system engagement, churn and crash free rate etc.
- Own results of features/projects and consistently manage against
defined expectations
- Leads technical scrums and agile project implementation across
various teams: GD, Artist, UI/FX, Devs, QAs, Higher Management
- Apply standard process of development using tools like JIRA,
Slack, Asana, Basecamp, Trello
- For various games, I update myself by using various platforms like
Google Play Console, Firebase Analytics, Google Cloud Platform,
Microsoft Azure PlayFab, Photon PUN, AdMost, Cloud Flare, Digital
Ocean, Firebase Firestore, GameAnalytics, Flurry, BigQuery, Data
Studio, AWS Services : S3, EC2, CloudFront, RDS etc.
---
=> Regarding my early stage startup company :
Youth Power Solutions is a leading IT-Solutions provider from
Gujarat, India. We are working for empowering young people
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
to become agents of their own development. We believe that
performance & safety is non-negotiable.
We have the best teams available for each domains, and empower
them to do great work and resolve complex challenges. We are
always looking forward to a mutually beneficial journey with our
clients!
Our Prime Services:
- Customized IT Solutions
- ERP & CRM Solutions
- Business Automation Solutions
- Website Development
- Android App Development
- iOS App Development
- Online Business Promotion
- Image Branding
- Social Media Marketing
- Digital Marketing with SEO
- Domain and Web Hosting
- UX-UI Graphics Designing
- Corporate Training Program
So Feel Free to Contact Me, I'm always happy to work with new
challenges.
Stay Connected with the Power of Youth.
Experience
Youth Power Solutions
CEO and Project Manager
April 2017 - Present (7 years)
Gujarat, India
The App Guruz
Chief Technical Officer (CTO) & Game Product Manager
July 2020 - Present (3 years 9 months)
Rajkot, Gujarat, India
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
RK Infotech
Senior Project Manager & Product Architect
August 2018 - June 2020 (1 year 11 months)
Rajkot, Gujarat, India
Star Solutions
Project Manager and Sr. PHP-MVC Developer
October 2015 - March 2017 (1 year 6 months)
Muscat Governorate, Oman
The App Guruz
Project Coordinator and Php Web Developer
June 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 4 months)
Rajkot Area, India
Self-Employed
PHP Web Developer
June 2012 - May 2014 (2 years)
Bengaluru Area, India
Education
Vellore Institute of Technology
Master of Computer Application, Computer and Information Sciences and
Support Services · (2011 - 2014)
Atmiya Institute of Technology & Science
Bachelor of Computer Application, Website Development · (2008 - 2011)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tushar-
pathare (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microservices
ClickHouse
DOOH
Tushar Pathare
Founder and CTO at IMERZO
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 12+ years of industry expertise, I possess extensive
proficiency as        , ,   ,          .
I thrive on the complexities inherent in         , - settings. These
environments serve as fertile ground for  , ,   substantial contributions
that fuel organizational and customer triumph.
.
Experience
IMERZO
Founder and CTO
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Lemma
Architect
May 2022 - April 2023 (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
’      
● Architected the DOOH (Digital Out-of-Home) Ad Platform, ensuring its
seamless functionality, performance and low latency
● Enhanced the Ad Server architecture to effectively support and monetize
the CTV (Connected TV) platform, leveraging cutting-edge techniques and
technologies
● Explored, evaluated and deployed Geo DNS solution to optimize Ad Serving
’     
● Streamlined processing of billions of daily ad requests and associated
tracking events, each containing 100+ data segments
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
-      
, , ,   .
,  ,     ,  
PubMatic
8 years 5 months
Architect
April 2021 - May 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
- saved tens of millions with tech and business optimizations
an Ad Serving architecture that efficiently processed 500     .
Conducted detail-oriented reviews and revisions of software designs to     ,
while also suggesting architectural enhancements.
Expertly resolved complex technical challenges and provided    for all post-
launch ad serving applications.
Implemented a   for application , , / , ,   .
Principal Software Engineer
January 2017 - April 2021 (4 years 4 months)
Pune Area, India
-     service to comply with the RTB protocol standard, enabling seamless
support for   . This involved complex and extensive modifications across critical
modules such as PMP, Auction, Impression Tracking, and data analytics.
Led the pivotal initiatives in        , an operating system. This strategic migration
yielded a  25%   .
Senior Software Engineer
January 2014 - December 2016 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Architected and guided the development process for a   .
Sokrati
Senior Software Engineer
February 2012 - January 2014 (2 years)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Designed and successfully delivered a -          .
Designed and implemented a set of  for the core platform, specifically focused
on     .
Conducted comprehensive reviews and made revisions to software designs
to   , while also   .
Persistent Systems
Software Engineer
January 2010 - January 2012 (2 years 1 month)
Collaborated with the performance optimization team to    through a series of
projects.
Redesigned the application to seamlessly integrate with a - .
Implemented an -   to significantly optimize data access rates.
Education
University of Pune
Master of Science (MSc), Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
University of Pune
Master's degree, Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
williamvillanueva (LinkedIn)
www.willvillanueva.com (Personal)
Top Skills
Blockchain
CTO
Engineering Management
Will Villanueva
Chief Executive Officer at Element Finance
San Francisco, California, United States
Experience
Element Finance
Chief Executive Officer
October 2020 - Present (3 years 6 months)
ConsenSys
Founding Researcher - Quilt (Eth 2.0, Phase 2)
January 2019 - September 2020 (1 year 9 months)
Bounties Network
CTO and Cofounder
January 2018 - January 2019 (1 year 1 month)
- Completely open source - github.com/Bounties-Network/ blockchain
ethereum dapp which won the UX award for best dapp. We were in the top 10
dapps for volume of users.
- Built infrastructure from scratch using Kubernettes on AWS to host our API
servers at scale, batch jobs, DAG/ML pipeline (airflow and grafana), distributed
Queue (Celery + SQS) and more. All infrastructure and data was self-healing,
auto-scaling and attached to EFS-backed volumes for data retention in case of
failure.
- Built frontend from the ground up using Redux, React, Sagas,  IPFS, web3.js
and more - explorer.bounties.network
- Developed an entire component library from scratch -
components.bounties.network
- Built backend using Django, Redis, Psql, SQS, SES, cloudfront CDN, IPFS
and more
- Developed syncing system to listen to all events in realtime on the blockchain
and build a mirror in a Psql for easily accessible/indexable data
Ethereum dapp UX Award Product Video Submission - https://bit.ly/2Ti7KxF
Component Library - https://components.bounties.network
Open Source Repositories - https://github.com/Bounties-Network/
6sense
Architect and Engineering Team Lead
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
March 2015 - February 2018 (3 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
- Architect, lead for newest product offering.  I trained and lead a team of 6
engineers in building a Django, React, Redux, Saga application with a full data
pipeline and facilitated the product build from scratch
- Built web infrastructure to manage 200 million+ requests a day using AWS
infrastructure, nginx (custom compiled changes in Lua), akamai/ cloudfront
CDNs, and spinning up ELBs with autoscaling EC2 instances
- Built an analytics javascript tag placed on Dropbox.com, Salesforce.com, and
more.  I set up the entire end-to-end on this project, including the data feed
and data integration, and testing framework in zombie.js/Mocha
- Developed a data pipeline around billions of rows of data using hive, flume,
hadoop, presto, python and java
ProcureNow (now OpenGov Procurement)
Cofounder & CTO
November 2015 - November 2017 (2 years 1 month)
San Francisco Bay Area
I started a company from the ground up with two cofounders. We sold into
governments (San Jose, Boston, Palo Alto, Philadelphia), and had an active
user base. Went on to join 500 startups.
- Built entire backend/API server in Koa.js, Node.js, PSQL, Sequelize, Mocha/
chai, Coroutines/Generators
- Built frontend in React, redux, immutable and webpack, mocha/chai.  The
application is Universal/ Isomorphic and renders on both the server and client
side.
- Set up deployment system, queueing system, and analytics engine across
Azure
- Scaled application across 88 departments in Boston and across all of Palo
Alto and San Jose
- Data-driven design and development (heap analytics, loggly, rollbar, etc.)
Chegg Inc. (Instaedu acquired by Chegg)
Full Stack Software Engineer
2015 - 2015 (less than a year)
San Francisco
- Built features across the full stack using node, python (django), Backbone.js/
Marionette and React.js
- Revamped tutor reviews and built utilizing scalable, efficient querying
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Ask.com
Full Stack Software Engineer
2014 - 2015 (1 year)
- Rebuilt a shopping site receiving 14 million daily views using Node.js and an
internal front-end framework
- Built backend service in Node.js and architected front-end routing system
- Profiled backend services
Pathbrite
Full Stack Software Engineer (consulting/contract)
July 2014 - September 2014 (3 months)
San Francisco
-Built Pathbrite’s front-end analytics platform using Backbone.js, Google
Charts, Travis CI, and
PhantomJs to give teachers and administrations insight into their students’
performance
-Designed feature to be fully mobile compatible, response, and interactive
using Sass and Skeleton
-Worked on SQL database and node.js API endpoint to serve data for analysis
and visualization
Olympus Scientific Solutions America
Sales Engineer
February 2013 - April 2014 (1 year 3 months)
-Analyzed customer data using in-house software interfaced with XML to
pinpoint engineering gaps and discover defects in engineering material
-Provided ultrasonic testing consultation for international sales regions,
converting over 75% of customer visits to sales.
Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center
Engineer Intern
June 2009 - June 2011 (2 years 1 month)
- Gathered reliability and maintainability data on nuclear support equipment
- Developed monthly report to  analyze and visualize the hardware issues for
80% of the nuclear support equipment using VBA and MATLAB
New Mexico Tech
2 years 9 months
Student Regent
January 2009 - January 2011 (2 years 1 month)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
-Appointed by Governor Bill Richardson, and approved by State Senate and
Representatives to act as a voting member of the New Mexico Tech board of
regents
-Moved the university to actively focus on admissions process. Worked directly
with the director of admissions and University board to increase applicants by
20%
Editor-in-Chief
May 2008 - February 2009 (10 months)
-Hired and managed  a staff of 8 employees
-Built an active website and increased readership by 35%
Education
New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology
Bachelor of Science (BS), Physics, Math Minor, Concentration on Biology and
Chemistry (Pre-Med) · (2007 - 2012)
 
Page 4 of 4
