CTO/Ron Thomas.txt CTO/Aaron Elmore(1).txt CTO/Dr. Saravanan Muthiah.txt CTO/Prathamesh Shinde.txt CTO/Si P.txt CTO/Siddharth Jogia.txt CTO/Mahesh Ghatge.txt CTO/A Rama Subramanian.txt CTO/Vikas Kapdoskar.txt CTO/Randall Pigott.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ron-
thomas-30b99a106 (LinkedIn)
Ron Thomas
Director & CTO at Datamatrix Infotech Pvt. Ltd.
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Worked-on  advanced plant virtualization solutions for optimizing
energy, water and asset performance.
Responsible for design development and deployment of field
Instrumentation, using conventional solutions and IoT; interfacing the
Datamatrix Technology.
Responsible for building Datamatrix Platform - Digitalutilites.biz,
the service delivery platform for innovative customer engagement
through Integrated Sustainability Services.
Received a cash award and special training for the top 20 Innovative
Ideas of India from IIM-Ahmedabad, CIIE
Experience
Datamatrix Infotech Pvt. Ltd.
10 years 11 months
Director & CTO
April 2022 - Present (2 years)
Chief Technology Officer
April 2019 - March 2022 (3 years)
Product Development Team Lead
April 2017 - March 2019 (2 years)
Product Development Engineer
May 2013 - March 2017 (3 years 11 months)
Education
MIT
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)  · (2011 - 2013)
BCACS
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) (Computer Science) 
Loyola College
St Ursula High School
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-
elmore-06857315 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Technology Trends
Servers
CCNA
Aaron Elmore
Chief Technology Officer
Dickinson, Texas, United States
Summary
Specialties: a + certified,  ccna,  cisco,  consulting,  database
administration,  e - commerce,  microsoft networking,  microsoft
office 2000,  network installation,  networking,  novell,  payroll
processing,  quickbooks,  quicken,  web site production,  EoL
hardware/software removal/repurposing for non-profits
Experience
Phoenix TMS
Chief Technology Officer
July 2017 - Present (6 years 9 months)
Houston, Texas Area
Managing relationships between non-profits and corporate donors.
Infamous Design
Owner
May 2012 - Present (11 years 11 months)
Corporate web design
Trinity Networking
Proprietor
May 2005 - Present (18 years 11 months)
Networking Consulting
Payroll
Network Installation
Server Maintenance
Local Philanthropic Work
Kozmo Computers
Proprietor
February 2002 - May 2005 (3 years 4 months)
Networking Consulting
Payroll
Network Installation
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Server Maintenance
Education
San Jacinto College
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/dr-saravanan-
muthiah-b8428b2 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Automotive
Kaizen
Vehicles
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Tamil (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Sanskrit (Elementary)
Honors-Awards
Best Paper Award (Engine &
Transmission Domain)
Mahindra Rise Award [Levels 1 & 2]
Mahindra Rise Award [Level 1]
Mahindra RISE Award [Levels 1, 2 &
3]
The Scania Best Paper Award
Patents
A Chassis Dynamometer and a
Method for Testing an Engine of a
Vehicle
A Chassis Dynamometer and a
Method for Testing an Engine of a
Vehicle (Automatic Transmission)
Chassis Dynamometer and Method
for Determining Engine and
Drivetrain Inertia of a Vehicle
Dr. Saravanan Muthiah
Chief Technology Officer (CTO) - NRB Bearings Limited
Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I have over 27 years of experience in the Automotive R&D function
with close to a decade in US. I have worked with Automotive
OEMs (Maruti, GM-USA and M&M), Academia (Pennsylvania
Transportation Institute) and Tier 1 (NRB Bearings). This rich journey
has given me the opportunity to work on all aspects of automotive
R&D starting from Concept Strategy, Simulation, Product Design,
Tool Design, Testing and Facility Development and learn from some
of the finest in the Automotive Industry.
My areas of interest include 
- New Technology Development and Evaluation
- Vehicle Attribute development - Fuel Economy, Performance &
Drivability
- Electric Vehicles
- Automation / Robotics
- Homologation/Regulations
- Data Mining & Neural Networks
Experience
NRB Bearings Limited
4 years
Chief Technology Officer
July 2022 - Present (1 year 9 months)
In my role as the CTO of NRB Bearings Ltd, I lead Product Technology and
R&D functions. Additionally, I serve as the Corporate MR (Management
Representative) for Quality, Environment, Occupational Health & Safety
Management Systems in NRB. I report to the MD.
Chief Technology Officer
July 2022 - Present (1 year 9 months)
In my role as the CTO of NRB Bearings Ltd, I lead Product Technology and
R&D functions. Additionally, I serve as the Corporate MR (Management
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Representative) for Quality, Environment, Occupational Health & Safety
Management Systems in NRB. I report to the MD.
Vice President - Engineering / Head - Engineering Centre
April 2020 - July 2022 (2 years 4 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
- Head of Engineering/R&D function at NRB Bearings Ltd
- Part of NRB's Leadership Team reporting to the MD
- Job role entails Product/Process Engineering, New Product Development
(NPD) and Innovation.
Mahindra and Mahindra Limited [Automotive, Farm Equipment and
Agri Business]
Head of Advanced Technology
April 2018 - April 2020 (2 years 1 month)
Chennai Area, India
Head - Advanced Technology
Head of Advanced Technology function catering to Auto, Farm, Trucks
& Buses, Agri, Genset and Powertrain divisions. I reported to the Chief
Technology Officer. The main function was to chart the Technology Road Map
for M&M and deliver proof of concepts (POC).
Mahindra & Mahindra
6 years 8 months
General Manager
August 2014 - March 2018 (3 years 8 months)
Chennai Area, India
Head - Vehicle Performance Simulation 
Head - Powertrain Technology Development 
at M&M catering to Auto/Farm/Truck & Bus applications.  
Focus Areas: 
- Vehicle Fuel Economy and Performance Development (Simulation & Testing)
- Powertrain Selection for a given vehicle application
- Evaluation of New Technologies for Powertrain
- Engine Performance Simulation
- Exhaust After-treatment Selection  
- Hardware-in-Loop Evaluation of Powertrain
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
- Vehicle Drivability Development
- Fuel Efficiency Standards
- CO2 reduction technologies
Deputy General Manager
August 2011 - July 2014 (3 years)
Head - Vehicle Performance Simulation at M&M catering to Auto and Farm
applications.  
Focus Areas: 
- Vehicle Fuel Economy and Performance Development (Simulation & Testing)
- Engine Performance Simulation
- Powertrain Selection for a given vehicle application
- Vehicle Drivability Development
- Fuel Efficiency Standards
- CO2 reduction technologies 
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Asst. General Manager
October 2009 - August 2011 (1 year 11 months)
Gurgaon
Head – Powertrain Development 
Focus Areas: Powertrain Testing, Simulation & Calibration
- Vehicle Fuel Economy and Performance simulation (Initiated this function at
MSIL) 
- Engine Dynamometer Testing 
- Chassis Dynamometer Testing (Gasoline/Diesel/Alternative Fuel)
- Engine level & Vehicle level Calibration for Fuel economy & Emissions
- Planning future powertrain test facility & manpower requirements
(2011-2015)
- Technical Training for new graduate engineer trainees (GETs) and
employees with less than seven year experience
- Fuel Economy Regulations
General Motors (GM Powertrain), Pontiac, MI, USA
Analyst - Vehicle Systems
March 2007 - September 2009 (2 years 7 months)
Pontiac, MI, USA
Global Lead Analyst – Diesel Simulation
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Support Analyst – Small Gasoline/Small Block Engine Simulations   
Focus Areas: 
- Vehicle Fuel Economy & Performance Analysis for all GM Diesel models
- Engine dynamometer test data validation for all GM diesel engines 
- FE Simulation model development (Emissions, cylinder deactivation etc) and
debugging
- Simulation Model Support for GM-North America, GM-Europe and GM-Brazil
markets
- Engine configuration selection (displacement, NA/Turbo etc) for GM’s small
gasoline engine 
Pennsylvania Transportation Institute
Research Assistant (Bus Testing Program)
August 2000 - December 2006 (6 years 5 months)
University Park, PA, USA
Focus Areas: Vehicle Performance Modeling, Mobile Emission Measurement,
Artificial Neural Networks, HEV, Vehicle Dynamics
-  Neural network modeling of fuel economy, acceleration, reliability and pass-
by noise for transit buses 
- Development and validation of Penn State’s portable Mobile Vehicle
Emission Sampling System (MVESS) 
- Powertrain evaluation for Penn State’s hybrid electric vehicle (2001
FutureTruck competition)
- Influence of vehicle noise sources and pavement types on pass-by noise
emissions
- Impact of overloading on pavement damage
- Handling ability of transient bus
Maruti Udyog Limited
Sr. Executive, Executive, GET
October 1995 - July 2000 (4 years 10 months)
Lead (Domestic Homologation/CMVR)
Head (Mass Emission Lab -2)
Focus Areas: Homologation & Mass Emission Testing
- Homologation of all domestic models with Test Agencies (ARAI/VRDE) 
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
- Design implication analysis of new vehicle standards (Central Motor Vehicle
Rules)
- Construction, commissioning and functioning of Maruti’s first diesel Emission
testing facility (Emission Lab -2)
- Homologation of Maruti vehicle models with FMSCI (Federation of Motor
Sports Clubs of India)
- Articulation of Maruti's point of view at AIAM/SIAM meetings on CMVR
L&T, Powai, Mumbai
Graduate Engineer Trainee
September 1995 - October 1995 (2 months)
Focus Area: Process Engineering
GET in Eutectic Welding Alloys Ltd (EWAC) Division of L&T 
Education
Penn State University
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Mechanical Engineering · (2002 - 2006)
Penn State University
Master of Science (M.S.), Mechanical Engineering · (2000 - 2001)
Delhi College of Engineering
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Mechanical Engineering · (1991 - 1995)
D.T.E.A. Sr. Sec. School, Mandir Marg
D.S.S.C.E.  · (1982 - 1991)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/prathamesh-
shinde-5a5070189 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Network Administration
Network Architecture
Wireless Networking
Prathamesh Shinde
CTO TECHZEN NETSERV PVT LTD
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
TECHZEN NETSERV PVT LTD 
Chief Technology Officer
April 2022 - Present (2 years)
Maharashtra, India
SHREE MULTI SERVICES
CTO
July 2015 - September 2023 (8 years 3 months)
Education
All India Shivaji Memorial Societys College of Engineering, Pune
Diploma, Electrical, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2010 - 2013)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/simon-park
(LinkedIn)
blueeagle-consulting.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
3D Rendering
Unreal Engine 4
Unity
Si P.
Chief Technology Officer at Blue Eagle 3D
San Antonio, Texas Metropolitan Area
Experience
Blue Eagle 3D
Chief Technology Officer
March 2013 - Present (11 years 1 month)
San Antonio, Texas Metropolitan Area
Samsung Electronics
Engineer
1980 - 2013 (33 years)
Education
Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology
Ph.D., Mathematics · (1974 - 1979)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/siddharthjogia
(LinkedIn)
youthpowersolutions.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Cross-functional Team Leadership
Data Analysis
Game Development
Languages
Gujarati
English
Hindi
Certifications
Microsoft Certified Professional
Microsoft Technology Associate
- Software Development
Fundamentals
Microsoft Specialist - Programming
in HTML5 with JavaScript  and CSS3
Publications
Improved Methodology for
Data Transmission and Object
Serialization using JSON
Siddharth Jogia
Chief Technical Officer (CTO) & Game Product Manager
Greater Rajkot Area
Summary
Experienced Game Product Manager with over 10+ years of
expertise in the dynamic fields of web and game products. Currently,
I thrive in the captivating world of arcade, board and merge genre
games, where I bring a unique blend of creativity and strategic
thinking to drive engaging user experiences.
Responsibility followed as Game Product Manager and CTO
- Impact on end-to-end product lifecycle of features, spanning
multiple areas
- Own and independently write specifications for features like
LiveOps Events, Daily Activity based Systems, Leaderboards
- Manage products with cross-functional team members and
motivate team to achieve goal with great quality standards
- Execute product strategy for areas of focus based on the heath
metrics that needs more attention or improvement
- Apply a hypothesis based analytical approach, conduct
experimentation to improve required game metrics like retention,
monetization, system engagement, churn and crash free rate etc.
- Own results of features/projects and consistently manage against
defined expectations
- Leads technical scrums and agile project implementation across
various teams: GD, Artist, UI/FX, Devs, QAs, Higher Management
- Apply standard process of development using tools like JIRA,
Slack, Asana, Basecamp, Trello
- For various games, I update myself by using various platforms like
Google Play Console, Firebase Analytics, Google Cloud Platform,
Microsoft Azure PlayFab, Photon PUN, AdMost, Cloud Flare, Digital
Ocean, Firebase Firestore, GameAnalytics, Flurry, BigQuery, Data
Studio, AWS Services : S3, EC2, CloudFront, RDS etc.
---
=> Regarding my early stage startup company :
Youth Power Solutions is a leading IT-Solutions provider from
Gujarat, India. We are working for empowering young people
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
to become agents of their own development. We believe that
performance & safety is non-negotiable.
We have the best teams available for each domains, and empower
them to do great work and resolve complex challenges. We are
always looking forward to a mutually beneficial journey with our
clients!
Our Prime Services:
- Customized IT Solutions
- ERP & CRM Solutions
- Business Automation Solutions
- Website Development
- Android App Development
- iOS App Development
- Online Business Promotion
- Image Branding
- Social Media Marketing
- Digital Marketing with SEO
- Domain and Web Hosting
- UX-UI Graphics Designing
- Corporate Training Program
So Feel Free to Contact Me, I'm always happy to work with new
challenges.
Stay Connected with the Power of Youth.
Experience
Youth Power Solutions
CEO and Project Manager
April 2017 - Present (7 years)
Gujarat, India
The App Guruz
Chief Technical Officer (CTO) & Game Product Manager
July 2020 - Present (3 years 9 months)
Rajkot, Gujarat, India
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
RK Infotech
Senior Project Manager & Product Architect
August 2018 - June 2020 (1 year 11 months)
Rajkot, Gujarat, India
Star Solutions
Project Manager and Sr. PHP-MVC Developer
October 2015 - March 2017 (1 year 6 months)
Muscat Governorate, Oman
The App Guruz
Project Coordinator and Php Web Developer
June 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 4 months)
Rajkot Area, India
Self-Employed
PHP Web Developer
June 2012 - May 2014 (2 years)
Bengaluru Area, India
Education
Vellore Institute of Technology
Master of Computer Application, Computer and Information Sciences and
Support Services · (2011 - 2014)
Atmiya Institute of Technology & Science
Bachelor of Computer Application, Website Development · (2008 - 2011)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
maheshghatge (LinkedIn)
www.bioenabletech.com
(Company)
smart-city-
solutions.bioenabletech.com/
(Company)
www.visive.ai/ (Company)
Top Skills
Enterprise Solution Design
Leadership
Security Architecture Design
Mahesh Ghatge
CTO at BioEnable
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
BioEnable Technologies Pvt Ltd
Chief Technology Officer
2001 - Present (23 years)
Pune
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
MCS, Computers · (1999 - 2001)
University of Pune
BCS ( Computer Science), Computers · (1996 - 1999)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
10th & 12th  · (1994 - 1996)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/a-rama-
subramanian-aa47b250 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business Development
Manufacturing
New Business Development
A Rama Subramanian
CTO at Blue Energy Motors Limited
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
BLUE ENERGY motors
4 years 1 month
Member of Expert Advisory Group to the Minister of Road Transport
and Highways Govt of India
December 2021 - Present (2 years 4 months)
Chief Technology Officer
March 2020 - Present (4 years 1 month)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Chief Technology Officer
March 2020 - January 2022 (1 year 11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Ashok Leyland
Executive Director
June 2005 - Present (18 years 10 months)
ASIA MOTOR WORKS
President
May 2009 - December 2021 (12 years 8 months)
EICHER MOTORS
Chief Executive and Director
June 1990 - May 2009 (19 years)
India
EICHER LIMITED
Chief Executive
May 2003 - June 2005 (2 years 2 months)
India
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vikas-
kapdoskar-8499ab2 (LinkedIn)
Vikas Kapdoskar
CTO at Spar and NSR Information Systems
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Vikas Kapdoskar is presently the CTO of NSR Information Systems.
He has been instrumental in transforming NSR from a high-growth
services company to a next-generation global technology company
empowering clients to reimagine their businesses for the digital age. 
As the CTO, Vikas is responsible to define and deliver the
technology and the solution landscape to ensure best in class cloud
and on-premise solutions for its customers. People centricity is the
key to his leadership and strategy building. This has enabled him to
build and develop high performance teams across organizations that
he worked for.
Vikas’s 20 years of professional journey has revolved around
building enterprise and creating value for the customer and
company. With his entrepreneurial mind set ,attitude and integrity he
has created organizations with leaders with a keen problem solving
acumen who can responsibilities and transform vision to reality. 
With NSR, his mission is to create a customer centric organization
that can partner with its customer and deliver key techno solutions
at faster pace, improved quality and reduced timelines. This mission
fuels NSRs ultimate vision “You focus on pace, we are at on your
engine”. With NSRs zest to stay ahead of the innovation curve, NSR
can help its clients be proactive about adapting to IT changes that
drive growth.
Experience
NSR Information Systems
Chief Technology Officer
July 2015 - Present (8 years 9 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Deflytics
General Manager
June 2013 - July 2015 (2 years 2 months)
Amdocs
12 years 8 months
Project Manager
October 2008 - May 2013 (4 years 8 months)
Group leader
October 2005 - October 2008 (3 years 1 month)
Software Developer
October 2000 - September 2005 (5 years)
Education
Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta
Executive Post Graduation Programme, Business Analytics · (2014 - 2015)
University of Mumbai
 · (1996 - 2000)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/randallpigott
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Cloud Computing
Program Management
Systems Engineering
Languages
French (Professional Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Professional Working)
Randall Pigott
Chief Technology Officer / CIO / CISO
Washington, District of Columbia, United States
Summary
Executive Advisory CISO to Fortune 1000 corporations, C-suite,
enterprise security executives, and the Federal Government.  Deep
recent subject matter expertise in intelligence and threat-driven
frameworks. Consultancy practice leader and risk management
strategy executive, driving rapid revenue growth in security services
and products.  Thought leader for new security technologies and
technology development as CTO for AI-driven cyber intelligence
countermeasures systems and services.  Deep CIO background to
aid in integrating our advisory and products lines of business with
overall integration into large client enterprises.  Expert in detection
and remediation of major security breaches, and minimizing further
intrusion for large enterprise clients and Federal Government clients.
Experience
SkyComm Inc
Chief Technology Officer / CIO / CISO
June 2003 - Present (20 years 10 months)
Annapolis, MD
SkyComm (a company with little “public surface” by design and intent)
was created to service strategic government US Intel, CIA. NSA, and DoD
Pentagon JCS organizations deep into cybersecurity and cyber defense.
Within the last ten years we have added significant Fortune 500 Global
finance, health care, and corporate clients.  Equally-comfortable as CTO, CIO,
and CISO communicating effectively with C-Suite, Board-level execs, and
technical audiences.  Servant-leads truly world-class internal technical  teams
in providing consistently high-quality, on-time, on-budget deliverables to our
customer base.  Our teams deliver large-scale distributed systems, artificial
intelligence driven machine learning, natural language, parallel processing,
image recognition, innovative solutions re-engineering and integration,
ERP refactoring to distributed Cloud containers with sandboxing, Agile/
DevOps continuous-delivery software development, product management,
entire SaaS/IaaS platforms, security consulting analyses, standards re-
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
quals, penetration-testing, secure prototyping, and other special program
ops and assurance deployments.  We achieve AI-enhanced rapid network
cyberattack threat detection and real-time remediation before client systems
ever experience targeted compromise or loss of data integrity from malware
and data theft intrusion attempts. We deliver cutting-edge technology research
and strategic lab developments of massively-automated AI distributed
"big data” analytics engines, SDN, noSQL key-value and blockchain-type
new distributed dB methodology, semantic text analysis, voice language
processing, visualization-interpretation, and new architectures.   Event
notification analyses and reductions are delivered in real-time digitally via web,
mobile, and social media integration to clients.  Hires and builds world-class
high-technology teams, and in turn learns from knowledgeable, skilled team
members who consistently meet and exceed key customer expectations.
SkyServ, Inc.
Chief Executive Officer / CTO
August 1997 - June 2003 (5 years 11 months)
Annapolis Junction, Maryland
SkyServ was an Internet “dot-com bubble” Internet infrastructure IPO-runup,
based upon Internet Information Security, Adaptive Packet Network bypass,
dynamic augmentation countermeasures, and comsec/encryption tech.  This
was tech transferred from my own years of DoD Joint Staff and Naval Space
Warfare deliverables via Tech Transfer Initiative. SkyServ leveraged that
work to help secure the fledgling edge-networks of the time against imminent
overburdened undercapacity collapse, by scaling out to multiply datagram
delivery speed and availability metrics. With first tranche funding from DC
Beltway private equity investment and second tranche funding from Worldcom
equity investment, profitability was achieved in the first three years and an IPO
through Morgan Stanley was ready to go. The bursting of the “dot-com bubble”
in 2001 forced a change of plans, and a subsequent liquidity event by 2003
provided satisfactory returns for all.  I was humbled to have been retained as
CEO into the pre-IPO roadshow and learned a great deal about creating a
successful startup.
General Dynamics
CTO, Chief Scientist Data Networks and C4ISR Systems for DoD Joint
Staff / USN / CIA / NSA
August 1991 - July 1997 (6 years)
US DoD Pentagon, Joint Chiefs of Staff Arlington, US Navy N6, CIA Reston 
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
McDonnell Douglas Corp, Space Systems Div (now Boeing
Aerospace/Satellite)
Program Mgr / Sr Dir NASA Goddard Space Flight Center and JPL
Pasadena CA 
August 1988 - July 1991 (3 years)
Redondo Beach CA, Greenbelt MD
ARINC
Senior SATCOM Systems Engineer (ARINC) and Director, Satellite
Data Network Engineering (AvSat)
October 1985 - July 1988 (2 years 10 months)
Annapolis, Maryland
Harris Corporation
Senior Systems Engineer, SATCOM, NASA Kennedy Space Flight
Center
May 1984 - September 1985 (1 year 5 months)
Melbourne, Florida
Education
Florida Institute of Technology
Coursework toward MSEE  · (1984)
Mississippi State University
BS Electrical Engineering, RF/Data Communications · (1984)
 
Page 3 of 3
