Shikhar Goel,Michael Han,Jason Urso,Ishan Mahajan,Ajay Kumar,Eric B,Anup Nivargi,Prince Bhalani,Yash Kumar,Nilesh Shinolikar
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shikhar-
goel-6186798b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Cross-functional Team Leadership
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
NoSQL
Certifications
Developing ASP.NET Applications
Shikhar Goel
CTO @GeeksforGeeks
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Summary
I have spearheaded diverse projects which include User
Authentication and Profile, In-house Content Writing Platform, etc.
For this, I have set up the necessary infrastructure & architecture
and the teams.
I have developed the Ads monetization setup to increase revenue
to 4x as compared to the existing setup and managed necessary
business requirements like compliances, cyber law changes (like
GDPR, CPPA), third-party relations, policies, etc. 
Delivering massive projects both on scale and execution, which
extend to multiple quarters, and managing cross-functional teams
has been one of my primary responsibilities for GeeksforGeeks.
Passionate about enhancing India's tech education, I have
successfully tackled major projects, addressing the gap between
produced engineers and employability. My drive stems from the
belief that quality education should be accessible without burning a
hole in the pocket.
Experience
GeeksforGeeks
8 years 3 months
Chief Technology Officer
April 2018 - Present (6 years)
Web Developer
April 2016 - March 2018 (2 years)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Web Development Intern
January 2016 - March 2016 (3 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Education
Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Computer Science
Engineering · (2011 - 2015)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mikehan23
(LinkedIn)
zocial.io (Company)
Top Skills
Blockchain
Software Development
Information Security
Michael Han
CTO & Co-Founder at Zocial
United States
Summary
I have over 20 years of experience developing software applications,
including architecting and commercializing Blockchain solutions.
I have had the role of CTO, senior or lead engineer on multiple
projects, including first-generation enterprise applications and
platform development.  I have a passion for innovation, solving
complex problems and building world-class software products.
Experience
Zocial
CTO
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
As the CTO and co-founder, I am responsible for the design, architecture,
and development of the blockchain, fintech, and cryptocurrency platform.
Responsibilities include:
* Led software development team in building digital cryptocurrency wallet,
Fintech platform, smart contracts, and DApps.
* Work experience in blockchain platforms including Hyperledger, Ethereum,
Ripple, Stellar, and Corda.
* Defined Ethereum specs for ledger, consensus methods (PoW, PoS, etc.),
data security, decentralized architecture, and ERC20 tokens for Ethereum
Virtual Machine.
* Worked on cryptography, including asymmetric (public and private key),
symmetric, hash functions, and encryption/signatures.
* Wrote, revised, and reviewed Solidity codes for Smart Contracts.
* Built and maintained Linux network infrastructure and managed both the front
and back ends of the Fintech platform.
* Demoed Fintech products, helped raised funds, and interfaced with investors.
First Management
Chief Technologist
August 2002 - December 2019 (17 years 5 months)
San Jose, CA
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
As the Chief Technologist, I was in charge of information technology strategy
and implementation, including blockchain, IoT, and AI technologies.  I did
research on DLT (Distributed Ledger Technology), developed and tested pilots
and Proof of Concepts using blockchain technology, worked with distributed
databases, and had hands-on experience with Open Source technologies.
In addition to overseeing the hardware, software and data that help all
departments to perform their jobs effectively.  I also research new technologies
and strategize how they can provide business values and address the risks
associated with digital information. 
* Set up mining rig with GPU cards to mine Bitcoins and other
cryptocurrencies.
* Set objectives and strategies for the information technology for the company
* Select and implement suitable technology to streamline all internal operations
and help optimize their strategic benefits
* Design and customize technological systems and platforms to improve the
entire company experience
* Plan the implementation of new systems and provide guidance to IT
professionals and other staff within the organization
* Approve purchases of technological equipment and software and establish
partnerships with IT providers
* Oversee the technological infrastructure (networks and computer systems) in
the organization to ensure optimal performance
* Direct and organize IT-related projects
* Monitor changes and advancements in technology to discover ways the
company can gain competitive advantage
* Analyze the costs, values and risks of information technology to advise
management and suggest actions
Golinq, Inc
CTO
June 1999 - May 2002 (3 years)
San Jose, CA
BrightStreet, Inc
Senior Software Engineer Project Lead
February 1998 - April 1999 (1 year 3 months)
Aerojet, Inc
Software Engineer
May 1996 - December 1997 (1 year 8 months)
Folsom, CA
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jason-
urso-96768913 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Engineering Management
Process Automation
Process Engineering
Jason Urso
Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Houston, Texas, United States
Experience
Honeywell
19 years 3 months
Chief Technology Officer
January 2018 - Present (6 years 3 months)
Houston TX
Vice President R&D and Chief Technology Officer responsible for design,
development and introduction of industrial automation and sensing offerings.
Vice President and General Manager
August 2014 - Present (9 years 8 months)
Leader of global industrial Measurement and Control business within
Honeywell Process Solutions.  P&L responsibility and oversight of all aspect of
business operations and strategy
Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
January 2008 - August 2014 (6 years 8 months)
Leader of global Honeywell Process Solutions R&D organization.  Responsible
for 2,000 engineers, program managers, and support staff with charter
to enable business growth by delivering best in the industry new product
introductions
Director Marketing
January 2005 - May 2008 (3 years 5 months)
Global marketing director for Honeywell process automation systems.
Responsible for strategic and product marketing for Honeywell's project and
lifecycle services businesses.  
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ishan-
mahajan-2a2885212 (LinkedIn)
Ishan Mahajan
Chief Technology Officer at IQGE
Chandigarh, India
Experience
IQGE
Chief Technology Officer
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/kumar-away
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
IT Service Management
Hybrid Cloud
Business-to-Business (B2B)
Ajay Kumar
Chief Technical Officer
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Experience
Zoylee
Chief Technology Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Sagenext Infotech LLC
Information Technology Specialist
March 2010 - August 2020 (10 years 6 months)
India
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ericbrowy
(LinkedIn)
www.wired.com/2016/04/magic-
leap-vr/ (Other)
Top Skills
Optics
Matlab
Physics
Eric B.
Chief Technology Officer
Boise, Idaho, United States
Summary
I am somewhere between an inch wide and a mile deep, and an
inch deep and a mile wide. I really enjoy helping people of many
disciplines communicate with each other and fill the gaps from
a technical perspective. Cross-domain thinking, with record of
providing meaningful solutions to complicated problems and finding
new ways forward.
Experience
Stealth Startup
Chief Technology Officer
August 2022 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Boise Metropolitan Area
Microsoft
1 year 7 months
Sr. Director of Systems Engineering and TPM
March 2022 - August 2022 (6 months)
United States
Lead team of TPMs, System Engineers, and Product Security for DOD MR
product 
-Interface for customer and business units 
-Worked with team to define next generation architecture for critical program
-Translated customer needs to technical action
Principal Systems Engineer
February 2021 - March 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Boise, Idaho, United States
- TPM and System Engineer working to align multiple teams to customer
objectives 
- Helped define process to enable success of IVAS product. 
- Took over product cybersecurity enabling a successful ATO of DOD product.
AnaVation LLC
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Chief Engineer
June 2020 - March 2022 (1 year 10 months)
Meridian, Idaho, United States
Technical Advisor for:
Optical Systems (sensors and displays) 
Applied Machine Learning (System and Data) 
Technology roadmap
Magic Leap
5 years 5 months
Pathfinding
November 2018 - June 2020 (1 year 8 months)
Boise, Idaho Area
-Created system architecture for next generation system within organization
-Worked through entire organization acquiring buy-in and support for new
architecture
-Built program plan to include: WBS, resources, budget, milestone dates, and
technical guiding principles
-Leveraged cross-functional credibility to converge many silos into a single
plan, creating a unified approach when presented to C-staff
-Worked as part of the Office of the CTO to generate ideas, solve problems,
and file IP
Product Architect- Horizons (Government arm of Magic Leap)
December 2017 - November 2018 (1 year)
Plantation, Florida
- Worked with Government partners to develop an integrated system
increasing situational awareness while decreasing cognitive load
- Defined product requirements, technical requirements, and specifications for
a complex Spatial Computing architecture
- Developed cost model, program plan, hiring plan, and business plan to
accomplish an aggressive timeline for Government program
- Represented technical and programmatic voice of the customer internally to
ensure all requirements were agreed upon
Lead Optical Systems and Prototype Engineer
February 2015 - December 2017 (2 years 11 months)
Dania Beach, Florida
-End-to-end optical system integration, and  troubleshooting 
-Rapid Prototyping and Development of Magic Leap Optical Systems
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
-Development of low uncertainty optical tests for near-eye displays and sub-
components
-Interfacing with multi-disciplinary team to introduce new product features and
solutions 
-Partnered with contract manufacturing company in order to productize device
-Developed software for unified quantification of optical parameters
UNC Charlotte
4 years 10 months
Research Assistant
May 2012 - December 2014 (2 years 8 months)
Center for Precision Metrology
NSF funded: Characterization of diamond tool wear on a binary Cu-Ni alloy
system
Advisor: Dr. Christopher Evans
-Programmed and operated Precitech Nanoform 350 Diamond Turning
Machine (DTM)
-Conducted metrology with Scanning White Light Interferometer (SWLI) 
-Developed tool edge-recession measurement method using SWLI and
MatLab based data reduction
-Measured surfaces with Fizeau Interferometer
-Used Scanning Electron Microscope and EDX to characterize samples and
diamond tool wear
Research Assistant
May 2012 - August 2013 (1 year 4 months)
Center for Precision Metrology
Industry Funded diamond turning and Magneto Rheological Finishing (MRF) of
proprietary IR crystal
Advisor:Dr. Christopher Evans
-Determined ductile-to-brittle transition of material
-Evaluated diamond tool wear while turning IR crystal
-Characterized the material removal rate with the QED Q22-XE MRF machine 
-Conducted metrology on IR crystals
Reasearch Assistant - DARPA
August 2011 - June 2012 (11 months)
Charecterization of broad-area laser diodes using grating out-couplers
Advisor: Dr. Oleg Smolski
-Trained in clean room operations and procedures
-Lapped and Polished GaAs wafers
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
-Developed otpical systems to test parameters of grated coupling surface
emitting lasers (GCSEL)
-Conducted array of experiments and design on surface emitting lasers
Research Assistant
March 2010 - August 2011 (1 year 6 months)
UNC Charlotte
During my time as an undergraduate research assistant and early entry to
graduate school I worked on two projects simultaneously. 
Photogrammetry of diffractive grids to determine precision location of origin
Advisors: Dr. Brigid Mulllany and Dr. Angela Davies
-Designed and implemented optical system to remove speckle
-Developed metrics and wrote software to take automated measurments and
quantify speckle
-Implemented speckle removing subsystem to increase the accuracy and
repeatability of system as a whole
Vibration Attenuation in Pitch Polishing 
Advisor: Dr. Brigid Mullany
-Designed and Fabricated a precision bench top test-bed
-Polished Fused Silica with an overarm polisher
-Conducted numerous forms of metrology on workpieces
-Fabricated pitch tools and made flats out of spherical workpieces
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Student Scholar, Defensive Technologies Engineering Directorate
March 2013 - August 2014 (1 year 6 months)
Livermore,Ca
• Developed metrology method for measuring sensitive materials in enclosure
• Quantified measurement errors and measurement uncertainty in metrology
method
• Documented procedures and best practices for future users of equipment
• Used Matlab automate measurement of features in system
US Army
Cavalry Scout
June 2002 - December 2006 (4 years 7 months)
Deployed March 2003 - March 2004
November 2005 - March 2006
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Education
University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Master's Degree, Optical Science and Engineering · (2012 - 2014)
University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Bachelor of Science (BS), Mechanical Engineering · (2007 - 2011)
University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Bachelor of Science (BS), Physics · (2007 - 2011)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/anupnivargi
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Ruby on Rails
Ruby
Git
Anup Nivargi
CTO at Memory | Director at Memory India
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Memory
Chief Technology Officer
December 2015 - Present (8 years 4 months)
Red Hat
Senior Software Engineer
July 2012 - December 2016 (4 years 6 months)
MangoSpring
Software Engineer
March 2010 - June 2012 (2 years 4 months)
Thinkdry Technologies
Software Developer
September 2008 - March 2010 (1 year 7 months)
Ruby, Rails Developer
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Master's degree, Masters · (2003 - 2009)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/princebhalani
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Cybersecurity
Technology Strategy & Execution
Data Science & Analytics
Languages
Marathi (Limited Working)
Gujarati (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Professional Working)
Marvadi (Professional Working)
Certifications
Python (Basic)
Introduction to AI
Nano Tips to Sharpen Your Critical
Thinking
Ethical Hacking; Network- Based
Attacks
SQL (Advanced)
Prince Bhalani
Experienced CTO Driving Digital Transformation and Cyber Security
Initiatives for Businesses
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Prince is a highly experienced Chief Technology Officer (CTO) with a
proven track record of over 12 years in driving transformative change
across diverse industries. Specialising in cybersecurity and cyber
forensics, Prince excels in guiding businesses from traditional brick-
and-mortar setups to thriving online startups.
Experience
Group of Oceaninfo
Founder
January 2007 - Present (17 years 3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
As the founder of the Group of Oceaninfo, Prince has spearheaded cutting-
edge cyber forensics and cybersecurity solutions, ensuring businesses'
resilience in today's digital landscape. Leveraging expertise in cyber security,
technology strategy & execution, data science & analytics, and website
development, He empowers small businesses to embrace technology for
sustainable growth.
Sanctor Digital
Chief Technology Officer
January 2014 - January 2024 (10 years 1 month)
Prince set the vision for technological utilization within the company in this
pivotal role, effectively managing multi-million dollar budgets and leading
cross-functional teams. He enhanced the company's digital capabilities
with expertise in cyber security, data science & analytics, and website
development, driving innovation and growth.
K-Tech International
Project Manager
April 2011 - December 2013 (2 years 9 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
As a project manager, Prince demonstrated proficiency in cyber security,
data science & analytics, and technology strategy & execution. He effectively
managed project objectives, provided on-site leadership, and contributed to
the organization's success through strategic planning and proactive problem-
solving.
Education
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
Descriptive Statistics, Statistics for Business · (July 2015 - August 2015)
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
IT Management, Innovation and Information Technology Management · (July
2015 - September 2015)
Rajasthan Technical University
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Information Technology · (April 2007 - April
2011)
Gujarat State Technical Examination Board
Higher Secondary School, Mathematics and Computer Science · (April
2006 - April 2007)
Gujarat State Technical Examination Board
Secondary School, Computer Science · (April 2004 - April 2005)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/yash-
kumar-0b6a8b125 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Competitive Programming
Data Structures
Algorithms
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
ACM ICPC 2017 World Finalist
TCS Codevita 2017 Finalist
Hackerearth Collegiate Cup 2016
Finalist
TCS Codevita 2018 Winner
Yash Kumar
Co-Founder & CTO @ Pettle ACM ICPC World Finalist 2017, TCS
Codevita 2018 Winner
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Summary
Experience in building scalable and distributed backend systems.
Skilled in C++, Java, SQL, Data Structures and Algorithms.
Experience
Pettle
Chief Technology Officer
August 2023 - Present (8 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
RelicX
Founding Engineer
April 2021 - April 2022 (1 year 1 month)
Rippling
Software Engineer
September 2019 - March 2021 (1 year 7 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Directi
1 year 9 months
Software Development Engineer 2
July 2019 - September 2019 (3 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Back-end engineer at Zeta. Building payment systems.
Software Development Engineer 1
July 2018 - June 2019 (1 year)
Mumbai Area, India
Software Development Intern
January 2018 - June 2018 (6 months)
Mumbai, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Sprinklr
Software Development Intern
May 2017 - July 2017 (3 months)
Gurgaon, India
Education
Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication
Technology
Bachelor of Technology (BTech), Information Technology · (2014 - 2018)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nilesh-
shinolikar-b0061351 (LinkedIn)
coderize.in/ (Company)
Top Skills
Geographic Information Systems
(GIS)
Project Management
Project Planning
Nilesh Shinolikar
CTO at CodeRize Technologies Private Ltd
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 16 years of industry experience, I am a GIS and IT leader
who currently serves as the CTO at CodeRize Technologies, a
company that provides innovative solutions for various domains. As
a creative solution architect and consultant, I leverage my expertise
in GIS and other technologies to oversee all technical aspects of the
organization and help our clients achieve their goals.
Beyond my professional work, I am passionate about making a
positive impact on society and empowering the next generation
of innovators. I am the founder and president of the Chhaya
Foundation, an NGO that envisions an India where suicides are
prevented, missing cases are resolved, and families find the
support they need to heal and move forward. I am also a mentor at
Startup India, Maharashtra State Innovation Society, and Symbiosis
Incubation Centre, where I guide budding entrepreneurs in the
constantly evolving technological landscape. Additionally, I have
trained and mentored over 4,000 students in the GIS and IT domains
as a visiting professor at Symbiosis Institute of Geoinformatics and
the University of Pune.
Experience
CodeRize Technologies
Chief Technology Officer | Transinnovate Spatially
April 2019 - Present (5 years)
Pune Area, India
As a forward-thinking Chief Technology Officer (CTO) for a GIS-focused
company, I am passionate about driving innovation and technological
advancements in the geospatial industry. With a strong background in GIS
technology and an unwavering commitment to staying at the forefront of
emerging trends, I lead dynamic teams in delivering cutting-edge solutions that
empower organizations to harness the power of location intelligence.
 
Page 1 of 14
 
 
Strategic Leadership: Spearheading technology vision and strategy, aligning
GIS innovations with organizational goals for sustainable growth.
GIS Expertise: Leveraging extensive GIS knowledge to pioneer geospatial
solutions that address complex challenges across industries.
Innovation Champion: Encouraging a culture of innovation, research, and
development to deliver GIS products that set industry standards.
Product Development: Overseeing end-to-end product development lifecycle,
from conceptualization to market launch, ensuring excellence at every stage.
Team Empowerment: Building high-performance teams of GIS professionals,
fostering collaboration, and nurturing talent to drive technology excellence.
GIS Architecture: Defining and implementing scalable GIS architectures that
support large-scale geospatial data processing and analysis.
Technology Partnerships: Establishing strategic alliances and partnerships to
leverage emerging technologies for GIS innovation.
R&D Investment: Allocating resources to continuous research and
development, pushing the boundaries of GIS capabilities.
GIS Integration: Facilitating seamless integration of GIS solutions into existing
enterprise systems, optimizing data flow and utilization.
Global Reach: Expanding the company's global footprint, fostering
relationships with clients and stakeholders worldwide.
Security and Compliance: Ensuring robust cybersecurity measures and
compliance standards for GIS data protection.
Ramkrishna More College 
SME and Member of Board of Studies at Ramkrushna More College
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
Pune/Pimpri-Chinchwad Area
I am privileged to serve as a Subject Matter Expert and member of the Board
of Studies at Ramkrushna More College, Akurdi, Pune, Maharashtra, India.an
institution committed to academic excellence and innovation.With over 15
years of experience in Training and GIS Corporate world, I bring specialized
knowledge and a passion for advancing education. My role as a Subject Matter
Expert as BOS Member involves shaping and enhancing academic programs
to meet industry trends and empower students with cutting-edge knowledge.
Together with the Board of Studies, we are on a mission to:
Enhance Curriculum: We continuously refine programs to keep them aligned
with emerging fields and industry demands.
Empower Students: Our goal is to equip students with skills and knowledge for
a rapidly evolving world.
 
Page 2 of 14
 
 
Quality Assurance: We maintain the highest standards of educational delivery,
ensuring students receive a world-class education.
Chhaya Foundation
Founder & President at Chhaya Foundation
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
I am deeply honoured to serve as both the Founder and President of
The Chhaya Foundation—The Shades of hope. We wanted to foster a
compassionate India where we prevent suicides, address missing cases
effectively, and provide vital support to families on their healing journey.
Join us in creating a more inclusive society, advocating for mental health,
and championing the rights of every individual. Together, we can make a
difference. 
Our Vision & Mission 
Vision: We envision an India where suicides are prevented, missing cases are
resolved, and families find the support they need to heal and move forward.
Mission: To achieve this, we're dedicated to reducing suicides, missing cases,
and mental health challenges through awareness, resources, advocacy,
addressing root causes, fostering inclusivity, education, intervention, and
community collaboration.
Our Services 
Crisis Intervention: Immediate support during crises.
Mental Health Services: Professional guidance for mental health challenges.
Support Groups: Building unity and resilience.
Resources and Information: Equipping individuals and families.
Community Outreach: Spreading awareness and support.
Training and Education: Empowering with knowledge and skills.
Research: Ensuring evidence-based programs.
Advocacy: Breaking down stigmas and barriers.
Visit us at: https://chhaya.org.in/
Startup India
Empowering the Next Generation of Innovators, Mentor at Startup India
 
Page 3 of 14
 
 
January 2021 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Delhi, India
As a mentor, I guide budding entrepreneurs at Startup India. I share insights,
offer encouragement, and facilitate valuable connections. My role involves
navigating the complexities of startups, promoting adaptability, fostering
innovation, and emphasizing broader success metrics. It's a fulfilling journey of
giving back and shaping India's startup ecosystem.
Guiding Startups: I provide practical guidance, drawing from my own
experiences, to help startups navigate the intricate terrain of entrepreneurship.
From market analysis to fundraising strategies, I support them in building
strong foundations.
Inspiring Resilience: Entrepreneurship can be a challenging journey. I offer
encouragement and share inspirational stories, emphasizing that setbacks
are opportunities for growth. This emotional support is vital for maintaining
motivation.
Building Networks: My extensive network of fellow mentors, investors, experts,
and successful entrepreneurs is a valuable resource. I connect startups
with the right people for funding, partnerships, and specialized mentorship,
accelerating their growth.
Cultivating Adaptability: Startups must be agile and responsive to market
dynamics. I teach the art of adaptation, helping entrepreneurs recognize when
to pivot, refine strategies, or seize new opportunities.
Fostering Innovation: Startup India thrives on innovation. I encourage creative
thinking, disruption, and innovative problem-solving, contributing to both
individual startup growth and broader societal advancement.
Broader Success Metrics: While financial success is important, I stress the
significance of community impact, sustainability, and ethical practices. These
values elevate a startup's reputation and contribute to a better future.
A Fulfilling Journey: Mentoring at Startup India is a rewarding experience.
Each entrepreneur brings a unique vision, and it's a privilege to be part of their
growth story. Together, we shape India's startup ecosystem.
Fruitly Agro Solutions
 
Page 4 of 14
 
 
CEO at Fruitly Agro Solutions
December 2021 - Present (2 years 4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
I am honoured to serve as the CEO of Fruitly Agro Solutions, where
we proudly hold the distinction of being the largest sellers of premium
pomegranates in Maharashtra, Gujarat, and Rajasthan. Our commitment to
excellence in agriculture and sustainable practices has allowed us to lead the
way in nourishing our world with this remarkable fruit.
At our agriculture company, we're dedicated to transforming the farming
landscape. We work hand in hand with farmers, offering comprehensive
support from the initial sowing to the final sale of their produce. Our mission is
simple yet powerful: to help farmers increase their yields, profits, and overall
agricultural success.
Comprehensive Support
We provide farmers with the tools, knowledge, and resources they need to
thrive:
Sustainable Practices: We advocate for and implement sustainable farming
techniques to preserve the environment and ensure long-term success.
Expert Guidance: Our team of agricultural experts offers personalized advice
and solutions tailored to each farmer's unique needs.
Increased Productivity: Through innovative approaches, we help farmers boost
their yields, ensuring that their hard work pays off.
Improved Profits: Our strategies focus on optimizing resources, reducing costs,
and maximizing revenue, ultimately leading to greater profitability.
Fostering Prosperity
Our commitment to agriculture goes beyond business. We believe that when
farmers thrive, communities thrive. By supporting farmers in their journey from
sowing to selling, we contribute to the economic growth and food security of
the regions we serve.
Maharashtra State Innovation Society
 
Page 5 of 14
 
 
Empowering the Next Generation of Innovators, Mentor at Maharashtra
State Innovation Society(MSINS)
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
As a mentor, I guide budding entrepreneurs at Startup India. I share insights,
offer encouragement, and facilitate valuable connections. My role involves
navigating the complexities of startups, promoting adaptability, fostering
innovation, and emphasizing broader success metrics. It's a fulfilling journey of
giving back and shaping India's startup ecosystem.
Guiding Startups: I provide practical guidance, drawing from my own
experiences, to help startups navigate the intricate terrain of entrepreneurship.
From market analysis to fundraising strategies, I support them in building
strong foundations.
Inspiring Resilience: Entrepreneurship can be a challenging journey. I offer
encouragement and share inspirational stories, emphasizing that setbacks
are opportunities for growth. This emotional support is vital for maintaining
motivation.
Building Networks: My extensive network of fellow mentors, investors, experts,
and successful entrepreneurs is a valuable resource. I connect startups
with the right people for funding, partnerships, and specialized mentorship,
accelerating their growth.
Cultivating Adaptability: Startups must be agile and responsive to market
dynamics. I teach the art of adaptation, helping entrepreneurs recognize when
to pivot, refine strategies, or seize new opportunities.
Fostering Innovation: Startup India thrives on innovation. I encourage creative
thinking, disruption, and innovative problem-solving, contributing to both
individual startup growth and broader societal advancement.
Broader Success Metrics: While financial success is important, I stress the
significance of community impact, sustainability, and ethical practices. These
values elevate a startup's reputation and contribute to a better future.
A Fulfilling Journey: Mentoring at Startup India is a rewarding experience.
Each entrepreneur brings a unique vision, and it's a privilege to be part of their
growth story. Together, we shape India's startup ecosystem.
 
Page 6 of 14
 
 
Symbiosis Institute of Geoinformatics
Adjunct Professor
June 2013 - Present (10 years 10 months)
Pune,India
Experienced GIS Instructor at SIG, specializing in:
GIS Application Design
GIS Application Development
Facilities and Utilities Management
Enterprise GIS
Proficient in teaching the following GIS technologies and programming
languages:
ArcObjects
Arcpy
Python
JavaScript
Key Achievements:
Developed and delivered comprehensive courses on GIS Application Design
and Development, equipping students with practical skills essential for real-
world projects.
Guided students in mastering ArcObjects, empowering them to create custom
GIS applications and extensions tailored to their needs.
Instructed students on harnessing Arcpy and Python to automate GIS
workflows, driving increased efficiency and productivity in their projects.
Crafted engaging curriculum materials and interactive lessons, fostering a
deep understanding of GIS concepts and tools among students.
Provided hands-on support and mentorship to students, facilitating their
success and nurturing a strong foundation in GIS technology.
Earned praise from students for my teaching approach, characterized by an
emphasis on problem-solving and active learning.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of the latest developments in GIS
technology, seamlessly integrating them into the curriculum to ensure students
are well-prepared for the evolving industry landscape.
Actively contributed as a member of the Syllabus Restructuring Committee,
collaborating with colleagues to enhance the overall quality and relevance
of GIS education at SIG, fostering a dynamic and innovative learning
environment.
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Adjunct Professor
January 2013 - October 2019 (6 years 10 months)
 
Page 7 of 14
 
 
Pune,India
Experienced GIS Instructor at University of Pune, specializing in:
--GIS Application Development
--Enterprise GIS
Proficient in teaching the following GIS technologies and programming
languages:
--ArcObjects
--Arcpy
--Python
--JavaScript
Key Achievements:
Developed and delivered comprehensive courses on GIS Application Design
and Development, equipping students with practical skills essential for real-
world projects.
Guided students in mastering ArcObjects, empowering them to create custom
GIS applications and extensions tailored to their needs.
Instructed students on harnessing Arcpy and Python to automate GIS
workflows, driving increased efficiency and productivity in their projects.
Crafted engaging curriculum materials and interactive lessons, fostering a
deep understanding of GIS concepts and tools among students.
Provided hands-on support and mentorship to students, facilitating their
success and nurturing a strong foundation in GIS technology.
Earned praise from students for my teaching approach, characterized by an
emphasis on problem-solving and active learning.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of the latest developments in GIS
technology, seamlessly integrating them into the curriculum to ensure students
are well-prepared for the evolving industry landscape.
Actively contributed as a member of the Syllabus Restructuring Committee,
collaborating with colleagues to enhance the overall quality and relevance
of GIS education at SIG, fostering a dynamic and innovative learning
environment.
CyberTech Systems and Software, Inc
7 years 1 month
Seasoned GIS Project Manager 
June 2017 - March 2018 (10 months)
Pune Area, India
As a seasoned GIS Project Manager with extensive experience in the
government sector, I specialize in spearheading and delivering complex
geospatial projects. My expertise lies in leveraging GIS technology to address
 
Page 8 of 14
 
 
government-specific challenges, optimize operations, and drive data-driven
decision-making. I thrive in managing cross-functional teams, ensuring project
success, and providing strategic GIS solutions to government agencies.
Government Sector Focus: Extensive background in managing GIS projects
tailored for government agencies, addressing their unique needs and
requirements.
Project Leadership: Successfully led a variety of GIS initiatives, from initial
planning and requirements gathering to execution and delivery.
Cross-Functional Teams: Proficient in assembling and managing cross-
functional teams, including GIS analysts, developers, and data scientists, to
ensure seamless project execution.
Data-Driven Decision-Making: Implement GIS solutions that empower
government clients to make informed, data-driven decisions, improving public
service delivery.
Compliance and Regulations: In-depth understanding of government
compliance, regulations, and standards, ensuring projects adhere to all
necessary legal requirements.
Stakeholder Engagement: Engage with government stakeholders, including
department heads and officials, to align project goals with agency objectives.
Geospatial Infrastructure: Oversee the development and maintenance
of geospatial infrastructure, including GIS databases, servers, and web
applications.
Quality Assurance: Implement rigorous quality assurance processes to ensure
data accuracy and project reliability.
Risk Management: Identify and mitigate project risks, ensuring on-time and on-
budget project completion.
Technical Documentation: Create comprehensive technical documentation and
reports for stakeholders and regulatory bodies.
Seasoned Technical Lead | ESRI Premium Support Services
January 2017 - May 2017 (5 months)
Thane
Experienced Tech Lead specializing in ESRI ArcGIS products, delivering
tailored solutions and technical leadership to ensure premium client success.
Expertise in ArcGIS mastery, API integration, and advanced problem-solving
for optimized geospatial workflows.
Expert ESRI Product Support: Seasoned Tech Lead providing exceptional
support services to ESRI 
premium clients, specializing in ArcGIS products.
 
Page 9 of 14
 
 
Technical Leadership: Lead a team of GIS professionals, offering guidance
and expertise in troubleshooting, issue resolution, and technical support.
ArcGIS Mastery: Extensive proficiency in ArcGIS products, including ArcGIS
Desktop, ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Server, ArcGIS Online, and related technologies.
Customized Solutions: Craft tailored solutions to resolve complex geospatial
challenges, ensuring premium clients maximize the benefits of ArcGIS
technology.
Advanced Problem-Solving: Apply advanced problem-solving skills to tackle
intricate technical issues, delivering efficient and effective resolutions.
Problem Escalation Handling: Skillfully manage problem escalations, ensuring
swift resolution and client satisfaction.
API Expertise: Deep understanding of ArcGIS APIs, such as ArcObjects,
ArcPy, and ArcGIS REST API, to facilitate seamless integration and
development.
GIS Best Practices: Promote GIS best practices, data management, and
spatial analysis techniques to enhance premium client workflows.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Collaborate across departments to align
technical support with client needs, fostering successful GIS implementations.
Knowledge Transfer: Facilitate knowledge transfer through training sessions,
documentation, and mentorship to empower clients and team members.
Experienced Technical Trainer | GIS and ESRI Specialist | ESRI
Premium Support Services
November 2012 - May 2017 (4 years 7 months)
Thane,India
Expert ArcGIS Trainer: Proficient in training individuals and teams in a variety
of ArcGIS products, including ArcGIS JS API, ArcObjects, Arcpy, and other
relevant tools and technologies.
Curriculum Development: Designed and developed comprehensive training
materials and curricula tailored to different skill levels, ensuring effective
learning outcomes.
Hands-On Workshops: Conducted interactive and hands-on training sessions,
enabling participants to gain practical experience in working with ArcGIS tools
and APIs.
Customized Training: Tailored training programs to meet specific
organizational needs, addressing real-world challenges and project
requirements.
Technical Documentation: Created user-friendly technical documentation and
tutorials to supplement training materials and facilitate self-paced learning.
Advanced GIS Concepts: Delivered in-depth training on advanced GIS
concepts, spatial analysis, and geoprocessing using ArcGIS tools.
 
Page 10 of 14
 
 
API Mastery: Provided specialized training in ArcGIS JavaScript API,
empowering participants to develop web mapping applications and geospatial
solutions.
ArcObjects Expertise: Instructed students on the intricacies of ArcObjects,
enabling them to build custom desktop applications and extensions for ArcGIS.
Python Scripting: Taught Python scripting with Arcpy for automating geospatial
workflows, enhancing efficiency, and streamlining GIS processes.
GIS Best Practices: Promoted industry best practices in GIS data
management, analysis, and visualization during training sessions.
Troubleshooting Guidance: Equipped trainees with troubleshooting skills to
identify and resolve common GIS-related issues effectively.
Certification Preparation: Assisted individuals in preparing for ArcGIS
certification exams, providing guidance and practice resources.
Subject Matter Expert (SME) | ESRI Premium Support Services
March 2011 - December 2016 (5 years 10 months)
Thane,India
As an adept GIS professional, I specialize in offering top-notch support
services to premium clients. My track record in solving intricate geospatial
challenges with various ESRI technologies highlights my expertise. I excel
in ArcObjects, .NET development, and diverse ArcGIS APIs, ensuring
exceptional premium support tailored to unique client needs.
Premium Support Services: I bring extensive experience in delivering
specialized GIS support services to premium clients, crafting customized
solutions to meet their unique geospatial requirements.
Subject Matter Expertise (SME): My core strength lies in GIS, with a focus
on ArcObjects, .NET development, and a broad spectrum of ArcGIS APIs,
guaranteeing premium clients receive top-tier technical guidance.
Technical Versatility: I am proficient in a versatile toolset, encompassing
ArcGIS for SharePoint, ArcGIS Runtime for WPF, Python scripting, ArcGIS
Operations Dashboard, Collector apps, and Windows Mobile applications.
API Mastery: My skills extend to effectively utilizing various Web APIs for
server development, including ArcGIS Server JavaScript API, Silverlight API,
and Flex API, ensuring seamless integration and optimized functionality.
Data Management: Proficiently managing diverse facets of ArcSDE,
raster data, geocoding, geoprocessing, and network analysis using .NET
technologies.
ArcGIS Ecosystem: I am experienced in working seamlessly within the entire
ArcGIS ecosystem, from ArcGIS Online services and Explorer for ArcGIS to
ArcGIS.com and ArcGIS Pro.
 
Page 11 of 14
 
 
Problem Solving: Known for my creative problem-solving and innovative
thinking when addressing GIS-related challenges, ensuring efficient and
effective solutions for premium clients.
Continuous Learning: I consistently stay updated with the latest advancements
in GIS technology to provide cutting-edge solutions and maintain a competitive
edge while serving premium clients.
EOS  Software Technologies
Software Developer | Crafting Innovative Solutions
June 2010 - March 2011 (10 months)
Pune,India
Software Development: Proficient in designing, developing, and maintaining
software applications using the .NET framework.
C# Programming: Skilled in C# programming, leveraging its capabilities for
building robust and efficient applications.
ASP.NET: Extensive experience in developing web applications using
ASP.NET, including ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET MVC, and ASP.NET Web
Forms.
Database Integration: Expertise in integrating databases with .NET
applications, including SQL Server, MySQL, and NoSQL databases like
MongoDB.
API Development: Developed RESTful and SOAP APIs using ASP.NET
Web API and WCF, facilitating seamless communication between different
components of applications.
Front-End Technologies: Proficient in front-end technologies such as HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, and frameworks like Angular or React to build interactive and
responsive user interfaces.
Testing and Debugging: Skilled in unit testing, integration testing, and
debugging techniques to ensure the reliability and quality of software products.
Version Control: Proficient in using version control systems like Git to manage
code repositories and collaborate effectively with development teams.
Security: Knowledgeable about security best practices and experienced in
implementing security measures to protect applications from vulnerabilities.
Performance Optimization: Able to optimize application performance through
code refactoring, database tuning, and caching mechanisms.
Agile Methodologies: Worked in Agile development environments, participating
in sprint planning, daily stand-ups, and sprint retrospectives.
Troubleshooting: Proficient in identifying and resolving technical issues,
ensuring the smooth operation of software applications.
 
Page 12 of 14
 
 
Continuous Learning: Committed to staying updated with the latest .NET
technologies and trends through ongoing learning and professional
development.
Tata Business Support Services
Technical Support Engineer | Delivering Tech Assistance
July 2007 - October 2009 (2 years 4 months)
Pune,India
Technical Expertise: Demonstrated mastery of technical products and
services, with an in-depth understanding of their functionalities and
configurations.
Advanced Troubleshooting: Proficient in diagnosing complex technical issues,
providing swift and accurate resolutions to premium clients.
Product Knowledge: Deep understanding of various technical products,
including hardware, software, and associated accessories.
Firmware and Software Updates: Experienced in performing updates and
ensuring seamless integration of new features and improvements for technical
products.
Remote Assistance: Expertise in providing remote technical support, guiding
clients through troubleshooting steps, and resolving issues efficiently.
Hardware Maintenance: Skilled in handling hardware-related problems,
including component replacements, ensuring minimal downtime for premium
clients.
Software Configuration: Proficient in configuring software settings, optimizing
performance, and resolving software-related glitches promptly.
Multichannel Communication: Effective communication via various channels
(phone, chat, email) to assist clients, providing clear instructions and solutions.
Quality Assurance: Ensured the quality and reliability of technical product
services by conducting thorough testing and verification processes.
Performance Metrics: Consistently met or exceeded key performance
indicators (KPIs) for response time, issue resolution, and client satisfaction.
Handling Escalation Calls: Successfully managed escalation calls from
premium clients, providing effective solutions and ensuring client satisfaction.
Call Auditing: Conducted call audits to maintain service quality standards and
identify areas for improvement.
Problem Solving: Displayed strong problem-solving skills, often coming up with
innovative solutions to unique technical challenges.
Emergency Support: Provided 24/7 emergency technical support to ensure
uninterrupted services for premium clients.
 
Page 13 of 14
 
 
Education
Welingkar Institute of Management
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Information Technology Project
Management · (2015 - 2017)
S K Somaiya Vidyavihars College of Arts Science & Commerce
Vidyavihar Mumbai 400 077
Master of computer Science, Computer Science · (2010 - 2012)
V V Vidyalaya
High School 
 
Page 14 of 14
