CMO/Heena Manav.txt CMO/ASHISH MEHRISHI.txt CMO/Manisha Khadge.txt CMO/Lakshman Velayutham.txt CMO/Pramod Jain.txt CMO/VISHAL KUMAR.txt CMO/Ajay Masur.txt CMO/George L..txt CMO/Ranga Rajagopalan.txt CMO/Rashmi Ranjan.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/heenamanav
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Operations
Project Management
Business Analysis
Languages
Punjabi
Hindi
English
Heena Manav
Chief Marketing Officer at Camping Co.
India
Summary
Heena is passionate about helping people explore the rural/
countryside of India in a sustainable manner. She founded Camping
Co. to empower travellers with innovative, affordable, easy to ride all
terrain overlanding cars. Launched in 2019, Camping Co’s platform
has processed over USD half a million in transactions and served
5000 users from  50+ cities in the world.
The idea for Camping Co. first came to Heena in 2017 while
travelling to a remote part in Arunachal Pradesh, India despite being
breathtakingly beautiful, the place lacked basic infrastructure to
support tourism. She continued conducting development research on
the sustainable way to develop tourist influx in ecologically sensitive
areas in parts of Northeast India. She developed the first overlanding
vehicle in 2019 and was among the first studies of the scalable,
sustainable and desirable way to promote rural tourism in India.
Prior to founding Camping Co., Heena developed extensive
experience at the intersection of operations, technology, and
academia. She has had work stints at Uber & Academic travel
startup - Purple Squirrel. Heena graduated from Delhi University
with a degree in Mathematics and further completed her executive
education in Marketing from Harvard Business School.
When not firefighting at work, Heena loves to play with her dog,
travelling to the remotest corners of India and reading anything
that keeps her wondering about the facets of life. She’s a self-
taught Yogi and dancer. Someday, Heena hopes to embark on an
overlanding trip across India to increase awareness about child
abuse in societies of different sections.
Experience
Nuts & Brew
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Marketing Partner
November 2020 - Present (3 years 5 months)
Guwahati, Assam, India
Camping Co.
5 years 3 months
Chief Marketing Officer
February 2022 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Co-Founder
January 2019 - Present (5 years 3 months)
India
Nature has a subtle way of enhancing consciousness, mindfulness, and
awareness. With this belief, Camping Co. has set out to provide a platform
to have a close and immersive experience with nature. It enables travelers
to explore the unexplored with the help of SUVs, jeeps equipped with rooftop
tents and camping gears for a comfortable overlanding expedition. We aim to
create a community of thinkers, doers and avid nature - adventure lovers.
Chief Executive Officer
June 2019 - February 2022 (2 years 9 months)
Uber
3 years 7 months
Operations Manager
August 2017 - December 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Operations Coordinator
December 2015 - July 2017 (1 year 8 months)
Guwahati Area, India
City Coordinator
June 2015 - November 2015 (6 months)
India
Part of India Expansion team, helped successfully launch Uber in
Bhubaneswar, Vizag, Mysore & Guwahati.
Purple Squirrel Eduventures Pvt. Ltd.
Sr. Associate - Corporate Relations
June 2014 - May 2015 (1 year)
Mumbai Area, India
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
A supplementary education platform aiming to improve graduate employability.
Funded by Matrix Partners, India Quotient & SINE-IIT Bombay, we have
facilitated industry exposure & skill development courses for 35000+ students
across 300 colleges in 16 cities.
Led business development & market research team for East & Central region.
Saviance Technologies
Intern
April 2014 - May 2014 (2 months)
Hidesign
Intern
May 2013 - June 2013 (2 months)
Education
Harvard Business School Executive Education
Master of Business Administration - MBA  · (2018 - 2018)
Pondicherry University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing · (2012 - 2014)
Delhi University
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Mathematics · (2009 - 2012)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ashish-
mehrishi-8186274 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Supply Chain Management
Sales and Marketing
Business Management
ASHISH MEHRISHI
Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) - Apparel Fabrics & Home Textiles.
Director - Birla Advance Knits
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Global Market Expansion Architect with over two decades of
dedicated experience in the textile industry. 
My journey is a testament to strategic leadership, operational
excellence, and a commitment to innovation that shapes success.
Throughout my career, I've been at the forefront of steering
organizations toward global expansion and sustainable growth,
honing my expertise in optimizing operational capabilities and
deploying competitive intelligence strategies for effective market
positioning. As a results-driven leader, I take pride in successfully
driving international market expansion initiatives, developing
substantial market shares, and consistently achieving remarkable
financial milestones. My proficiency spans the spectrum of crafting
and executing strategic plans, fostering collaboration, and innovating
product portfolios to meet the evolving demands of the market. 
Within my skill set, you'll find a mosaic of strategic leadership, market
development, operational excellence, competitive intelligence,
sales and marketing strategy, client relationship management, team
leadership, product development, international market expansion,
ROI impact, P&L accountability, strategic alliances, vendor
management, export operations, and a keen eye for identifying new
market opportunities. These skills reflect not just a list of capabilities
but a comprehensive approach to navigating the complexities of the
textile sector. I've woven these skills together to create impactful
strategies that drive organizational excellence and growth in this
dynamic and competitive industry.
Experience
Birla Century (A div. of Century Text. Ind. Ltd.)
Chief Marketing Officer ( Home Textiles & Apparel Fabrics ) & Director -
Birla Advance Knits
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
June 2018 - Present (5 years 10 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
I've been instrumental in shaping the company's market presence and
fostering revenue growth. Overseeing diverse product lines, including Apparel
Width & Wider Width Fabrics in Cotton and Blends, Viscose and Viscose
Blends, as well as Linen and Linen Blends, my focus has been on strategic
leadership and innovation. Initiatives include enhancing group synergy within
the Aditya Birla Group, introducing new product lines aligned with market
demands, and executing robust sales and marketing strategies. I've played
a crucial role in establishing Birla Century as a prominent brand in segments
like Apparel Fabric, Home Textiles, and 100% Cotton Yarns, identifying
and capitalizing on new market opportunities. Additionally, I've emphasized
client relationship management, product diversification, and international
market expansion. Collaborating on operational excellence, team leadership,
and robust reporting mechanisms, I've fostered a culture of continuous
improvement within the organization.
M/s ALOK INDUSTRIES LTD
Sr.Vice-President ( Polyesters  )
April 2006 - June 2018 (12 years 3 months)
As the Senior Vice-President overseeing the Polyesters division of a vertically
integrated textile group with a diverse portfolio, I played a crucial role in
expanding the company's global presence and fostering substantial growth.
Leading strategic global expansion efforts, I ensured our polyester production
gained a significant share in profitable segments across various markets.
I focused on organizational leadership, optimizing plant capabilities, and
developing a robust competitive intelligence system to maintain favorable
product positioning. By strategically increasing our presence in high-profit
markets and minimizing exposure in commodity markets, I contributed to
sustained profitability. Our market development initiatives and successful
entry into new markets for Polyester Yarns and value-added products further
solidified the company's global standing.
Indo Rama Synthetics (I) Ltd.
General Manager ( Exports )
April 2000 - March 2006 (6 years)
I played a pivotal role in shaping the company's strategic direction and
international market presence. Contributing significantly to the senior
management team, I actively participated in strategy formulation and its
effective implementation. Serving as the Export Head for diverse markets,
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
including the Middle-East, Mediterranean, East Europe, Far-East, and North
African Markets, I crafted market-specific strategies tailored to the unique
dynamics of each region. My role involved spearheading comprehensive
marketing and production planning, ensuring alignment with customer needs
and market trends, and executing customer-centric strategies to enhance
product positioning and market share. I successfully maximized value-added
yarn exports to strategic markets, implemented initiatives to enhance market
share for high-value products, and drove market development initiatives in
regions like East Europe, Australia, and North Africa. Through strategic market
penetration efforts, I expanded the company's footprint globally, contributing to
overall market diversification and establishing Indo Rama Synthetics (I) Ltd as
a prominent player in international markets.
Tai Chonbang Textiles Ltd
General Manager ( Marketing )
April 1998 - March 2000 (2 years)
I provided strategic leadership in overseeing day-to-day operations,
contributing to the formulation of business strategies, and fostering
a collaborative work environment. My role was integral in optimizing
manufacturing processes and guiding the team towards achieving
organizational goals, thereby contributing to the company's overall success
and market presence.
Sagar Group Of Companies - India
Manager ( Exports )
January 1996 - March 1998 (2 years 3 months)
Serving as the General Manager at Sagar Group of Enterprises in Ahmedabad
from August 1996 to July 1998, I played a key role in guiding the company's
operations and strategic initiatives. During this tenure, I focused on optimizing
organizational processes, contributing to strategic planning, and providing
effective leadership to achieve business objectives. My responsibilities
encompassed overseeing diverse aspects of the enterprise, fostering a
collaborative team environment, and contributing to the overall success and
growth of Sagar Group of Enterprises.
SIRJANHAR TRADING L L C 
Manager - Indian textiles
March 1994 - January 1996 (1 year 11 months)
DUBAI -UAE
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Spearheaded the company's export operations, playing a pivotal role in
expanding its global reach. Responsible for managing and coordinating
international shipments, I implemented strategic initiatives to enhance the
company's presence in international markets. My tenure involved overseeing
the export division, ensuring compliance with regulations, and fostering
strong client relationships. Through effective export strategies and operational
management, I contributed to Sirjanhar Textiles' successful engagement in the
global textile market during this period.
Modern Suitings ltd
Export Executive
June 1992 - January 1994 (1 year 8 months)
Facilitating international trade activities, I remained responsible for executing
export operations, my duties included coordinating shipments, managing
documentation, and ensuring compliance with trade regulations. During
this period, I contributed to the company's global outreach by implementing
effective export strategies and maintaining strong communication channels
with international clients. My role at Modern Suiting Ltd. involved navigating the
complexities of the export process and facilitating successful transactions in
the global market.
Education
Bharati Vidyapeeth
PGDIT, INTERNATIONAL TRADE · (1991 - 1992)
M.G.SCIENCE
BSC  · (1988 - 1991)
LITTLE FLOWER HIGH SCHOOL
 · (1976 - 1986)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
manishakhadge (LinkedIn)
www.signzy.com (Company)
Top Skills
Lead Generation
Market Research
Business Intelligence
Languages
Marathi
Hindi
English
Certifications
Social Media Marketing Foundations
Social Media Marketing: Strategy
and Optimization
Artificial Intelligence and Business
Strategy
Foundations of Diversity, Equity,
Inclusion, and Belonging
2D Animation and Web Designing
Honors-Awards
Global “WOMAN OF WORTH” award
Global CMO of the year award
Asia's 100 Power Leaders in
Marketing & Communications
2021-22
Most Influential Marketing Leader
Top 10 Best Women CMO of India
2022
Publications
Creating a Market for Low-Cost
Menstrual Hygiene Products in India
Dilemmas with Using Strategy to
Create a Market for Renewable
Energy in Subsistence Marketplace
Manisha Khadge
LinkedIn Top Voice/CMO/B2B SaaS Products and ITeS Marketer/
Speaker/Asia's Top Woman Power Leader/DEI Podcast Host/Ex-
(Synechron/Tavisca JPMC/Icertis)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Marketing practitioner with close to two decades of IT products &
services experience in building & 
establishing brands. Years of track record of expanding business for
software solutions and SaaS 
product portfolios, delivering high-impact GTM strategies across the
globe that built brand 
awareness and driven revenue for companies like Synechron,
Tavisca (part of JPMC), Icertis. Successfully launched numerous
solutions/products (SaaS) and services within start-ups 
utilizing the end to end marketing and communications skills.
Core Competencies: Leadership, Marketing Strategies, Market
Research & Analysis, Segmentation, Targeting & GTM strategy,
Integrated Marketing Communications, Lead Generation and
Qualification, Campaign Planning, Development, Delivery &
Measurement, Partner Strategy and Marketing, Digital Marketing,
Online & Offline Branding, Social Media Marketing across multiple
platforms, Sales/Sales enablement, Communication & PR/Media
Management.
Experience
Mindbowser Inc
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
The IOT Magazine
Moderator & Podcast Host
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Dover, Delaware, United States
DEI Podcast - where we explore the transformative power of Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion in today's world.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Each episode features interviews with founders, experts, innovators, and
thought leaders across various industries who share their experiences and
insights.
Gain valuable insights, strategies, and inspiring stories that will empower you
to foster a more equitable and inclusive environment. Together, let's create
a world where diversity is celebrated, equity is achieved, and inclusion is the
norm.
Self-employed
Fractional CMO
March 2022 - February 2023 (1 year)
Let's partner to build and establish long lasting brand and exponential revenue
growth.
Signzy
Vice President Global Marketing
October 2021 - March 2022 (6 months)
Maharashtra, India
Signzy is redefining the limits of innovation in building trust online. We are
committed to delivering a secure and positive experience for our clients.
Icertis
Director - Marketing APAC & MEA
January 2019 - October 2021 (2 years 10 months)
Pune Area, India
With unmatched technology and category-defining innovation, Icertis pushes
the boundaries of what’s possible with contract lifecycle management
(CLM). The AI-powered, analyst-validated Icertis Contract Intelligence (ICI)
platform turns contracts from static documents into strategic advantage by
structuring and connecting the critical contract information that defines how
an organization runs. Today, the world’s most iconic brands and disruptive
innovators trust Icertis to fully realize the intent of their combined 7.5 million+
contracts worth more than $1 trillion, in 40+ languages and 90+ countries.
Tavisca, a cxLoyalty Technology Platform (Division of JP Morgan
Chase & Co.)
3 years 9 months
Marketing - Head
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
January 2016 - December 2018 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Tavisca Solutions, an Affinion Group company, through its subsidiary
Connexions Loyalty, is a leading Travel Technology Products & Solutions
Company that powers over 4.8 million (2017) travel bookings for leading
B2C, membership-based travel and B2B travel companies globally. Tavisca
Solutions has helped travel brands transform themselves into technology-
centric market leaders in travel, empower their vision, and scale their
businesses.  Established in 2008, tavisca® has emerged into a team of travel
technology specialists with over 300 dedicated personnel. A state-of-the-art
development center in India, and a sales and marketing office in the USA. For
more information, visit www.tavisca.com 
Heading - Marketing Strategies & Planning, Digital Marketing, SEO/SEM,
Social Media, Brand Management, Research, Lead Generation, Event
Management, Sales Enablement
Head – New Client Acquisition
September 2015 - January 2016 (5 months)
Tavisca Solutions, a leading travel technology company specializing in
products and services for (B2B, B2C, and B2B2C) Online Travel Agencies,
Consolidators, Destination Management Companies and Consortia.
Senior Manager Business Development
April 2015 - September 2015 (6 months)
Heading Research, Lead Generation and Sales Enablement Practices at
Tavisca.
Tavisca Solutions, a leading travel technology company specializing in
products and services for (B2B, B2C, and B2B2C) Online Travel Agencies,
Consolidators, Destination Management Companies and Consortia.
Synechron
10 years 3 months
Senior Manager - Marketing
January 2012 - April 2015 (3 years 4 months)
Managing Research, Content, Corporate Design and Telesales Team and
Activities for Synechron
Manager - Marketing
January 2010 - December 2011 (2 years)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
- Understanding overall US & UK market potential and trends.
- Research & assessments of sales opportunities and target markets. 
- Intelligence gathering on customers and competitors, help generate leads for
possible sales, follow-up sales activity. 
- Research & Analysis of new business opportunities, identify likely sales
points, help develop strategic plans and sales strategies.
Assistant Manager - Marketing
February 2005 - December 2009 (4 years 11 months)
Reporting House
Actuate -- Business Development Executive
June 2004 - February 2005 (9 months)
Handled Business Development activities for Actuate reporting tool
Education
Fergusson College
Masters, Digital Electronics · (1997 - 2002)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
1st to 12th  · (1985 - 1997)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
lakshmanvelayutham (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Customer Satisfaction
Public Relations
Key Metrics
Certifications
Artificial Intelligence in Marketing 
Introduction to Digital Marketing
Brand Management: Aligning
Business, Brand and Behaviour
Fundamentals of Digital Marketing 
Social Psychology 
Honors-Awards
Cannes Gold Lion
Effie Awards
Lakshman Velayutham
Chief Marketing Officer
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
As a seasoned marketer with over 28 years of experience;
empowering and recognising the need to integrate technology,
ideas and people skills, has helped me and my team think diversely
and deliver through innovative initiatives across offline and online
formats. Placing and embracing the customer at centre remains
the key mantra, be it Strategy, Communication (ATL-BTL), Digital
Marketing, AI, Research, and Corporate Communications. Using
consumer as the sound board to undertake A/B testing, remains the
consistent approach to staying relevant and meaningful.
This approach helped the marketing team at Ujjivan secure the
'Gold Lion' at the Cannes International Festival of FIms in the
Creative Commerce category, for its initiative 'Shagun Ka Lifafa'. 
The practice and belief of collaborating with various stakeholders,
working closely with the team, by empowering and skilling them,
earned me the merit of being counted among the Top 90 CMOs in
the country by Startup Lanes.
Experience
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Limited
Chief Marketing Officer
February 2019 - Present (5 years 2 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
As a Chief Marketing Officer, working at Ujjivan Small Finance Bank (USFB), I
successfully translate strategy into effective and efficient marketing campaigns
that include advertising, promotions, consumer activation, research and
insights and public relations. Moreover, my responsibility is to create strategies
to expand brand exposure and leverage relationships with internal and
external business partners. 
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
In addition, my duty has been to drive the evolution of the brand’s identity,
bringing it to life clearly and consistently that resonates with the target
audience segments. Further, I bring strong analytical big-picture thinking and
leadership skills to develop marketing campaigns that deliver on key business
success metrics.  
Further, my responsibility was to conduct and interpret research, analyse
the market and consumer data along with capitalizing on marketing trends,
constantly striving to improve targeting, acquisition, and retention methods.  
I currently head the 26-member marketing team and foster a sense of learning
and collaborative spirit in them towards benchmarking themselves, on their
performance and skill sets.
ICICI Bank
Head Marketing for NRI, Rural, Corporate Salary and Value Customers
May 2008 - February 2019 (10 years 10 months)
Mumbai
While working for ICICI Bank Limited, as Assistant General Manager,
Marketing – Retail Banking Group, I have orchestrated a team of 8, across
multiple verticals comprising NRI, Corporate Salary, Rural, and Mass Banking,
Savings, Business, Privilege Banking, Wealth Management, Branch & ATM,
Zonal Marketing, and CSR. 
I successfully launched ‘Creative Masters’ a customer engagement program
that witnessed 1.2 Lakh entries. Furthermore, I have handled the marketing
of wealth management PAN India. Steered ‘Missed Call’ facility for Gold Loan
along with increasing the revenue multi fold. Successfully directed India’s first
quiz program on a treadmill titled, “Corporate Superstar’ with a remarkable
customer participation.  
Proven record of assembling 42K entries across 13 languages through
introduction of a vernacular engagement program. Moreover, I possess rich
expertise of marketing proficiency and business understanding to endorse
retail products besides planning and implementing new ideas, events, and
campaigns.
VF Arvind Brands
Head - Direct Marketing
April 2006 - April 2008 (2 years 1 month)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
While working for VF Arvind Brand, Bengaluru, as Head - Direct Marketing,
I have developed and implemented pro-active marketing strategies along
with executing compelling direct marketing campaigns, integrated plans,
and solutions. Moreover, I my responsibility majorly included overseeing the
planning, organizing, and managing of marketing initiatives, meeting growth
and visibility targets and continually improving customer campaigns.
Tata Communications
Senior Marketing Manager - Broadband and Dial-Up
February 2005 - March 2006 (1 year 2 months)
DHL
Sector Program Manager
June 2004 - January 2006 (1 year 8 months)
Shoppers Stop
Deputy Marketing Manager
November 2002 - May 2005 (2 years 7 months)
Growth Path: Deputy Manager | Nov’01 – May’02  Executive Assistant to MD
& CEO | Nov’00 – Oct’01
Bpl Mobile Communication Limited ,Mumbai
Deputy Manager - Sales Support
June 1997 - November 2000 (3 years 6 months)
DHL Express India
Manager - MIS
June 1996 - June 1997 (1 year 1 month)
Education
IMDR, Pune
PGDM, Finance · (1994 - 1996)
MIT, Pune
B.E., Polymers · (1988 - 1992)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pramod-
jain-2bb23557 (LinkedIn)
Pramod Jain
CMO at JK Paper Ltd
Delhi, India
Experience
JK Paper Ltd
CMO
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vishal-
kumar-538321216 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Digital Marketing
Social Media Marketing
Content Marketing
VISHAL KUMAR
CMO OF Digital Solutionslabs
Chandigarh, Chandigarh, India
Summary
business consultant 
part time 
may2021-Present
IF YOU HAVE POTENTIAL BUT YOU DON'T HAVE PROPER
SKILLS OR A GREAT PLATFORM. THEN THIS IS OPPORTUNITY
AS I  AM HIRRING POTENTIAL CANDIDATES IN MY TEAM FOR
UPCOMING PROJECT 
ROLL IN FAST 
NOTE :- SPECIALLY FOR FRESHER ALSO.
Experience
Digital Marketing
Business Owner
Digital Marketing
2 years 11 months
Asistant supervisor 
May 2021 - Present (2 years 11 months)
India
Business Owner
May 2021 - Present (2 years 11 months)
Marketing Specialist
May 2021 - Present (2 years 11 months)
Education
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
GSSS UHAL
chandigarh polytechnic college , Computer Science · (2010 - 2015)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ajay-
masur-07a630161 (LinkedIn)
Ajay Masur
Co-Founder and CMO at JAAN Innovations Pvt. Ltd.
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
HawkEye Smart Parking is an IoT and Computer Vision based
Platform which uses simple IP Cameras to determine various action
points required at any parking area for its Management. Its an end-
to-end Smart Parking Platform having features like ANPR/LPR,
Occupancy detection, Boom Barrier Automation, System is popularly
used by PaynPark (both outdoor and indoor) market as well as
for Large Business Complexes, Large Housing Complexes and
WareHouses for Entry/Exit Vehicle Automation.
JAAN Innovations Pvt. Ltd. is a Mumbai, India, based start-up
company who has developed HawkEye Smart Parking Platform
with complete in-house expertise in Computer Vision and Machine
Learning as two Principle Technologies.
Experience
JAAN Innovations Pvt. Ltd.
Co-Founder and CMO
March 2016 - Present (8 years 1 month)
Mumbai Area, India
Radius Global Solutions LLC
CIO
January 2012 - January 2016 (4 years 1 month)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/george-
l-202644100 (LinkedIn)
www.derivesolution.com
(Company)
Top Skills
SEO
Software Development
JavaScript
George L.
CMO
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Experience
Derive Solution
IT Company
August 2015 - Present (8 years 8 months)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
rangaraajrajagopalan (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Architecture
Operating Systems
Kernel
Ranga Rajagopalan
CMO @ Druva
Santa Clara, California, United States
Summary
Experienced product leader broad expertise in product management,
engineering management, business development and managing
technology alliances.
Specialties
- Experienced in bringing new Data Protection and Disaster
Recovery (RaaS) products to market
- Managed products across all stages of product lifecycle, from
concept to launch to sunset
- 10+ years of experience in leading geo-distributed product
management and engineering teams
- Well versed in managing products through waterfall as well as agile
development methodologies
- Technical expertise in Data Protection, Clustered Storage, Data
Management, High Availability & Disaster Recovery
Experience
Druva
Chief Marketing Officer
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
Santa Clara, California, United States
Commvault
SVP of Products
July 2019 - June 2023 (4 years)
Santa Clara, CA
Head of Product Management & User Experience for Commvault portfolio of
data protection software, Metallic SaaS and HyperScale X appliance
Manage inbound and outbound product management activities across all
aspects of product development and GTM – roadmap development, backlog
planning, pricing, packaging, etc.
Mentor and grow a geographically-distributed team of Product Managers with
varying levels of industry experience
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Lead strategic vision and portfolio discussions with technology analysts,
thought leaders and media professionals
Drive the organic and inorganic growth strategy including acquisitions,
partnerships and strategic investments
Dell Technologies
3 years 6 months
Senior Director, Strategy and Operations, Data Protection
December 2018 - June 2019 (7 months)
Santa Clara, CA
Business strategy, planning and operations for Dell EMC’s Data Protection
Division, consisting of market-leading products across Purpose Built Backup
Appliances (PBBA), Integrated Appliances and Backup & Recovery software.
• Manage a business analytics team to track the health of the business and
plan to performance through KPI’s
• Partner with Finance, Sales, Product Management and Market Intelligence
to lead the development of Annual Operating Plan (AOP) and multi-quarter
demand planning
• Define the strategy and orchestrate cross-functional strategic initiatives to
drive Business Acceleration and to improve GTM effectiveness for in-market
and new products (NPI) 
• Maintain ‘pulse of the business’ through business governance forums such
as Run The Business, Quarterly Business Reviews and cross-functional
executive interlocks
• Support analysis and orchestration of M&A, partnership opportunities and
special projects
Sr. Director, Product Management, Data Domain & IDPA
January 2016 - December 2018 (3 years)
Santa Clara
Head of Product Management for Data Protection Appliances (Data Domain
and Integrated Data Protection Appliance), with $2B+ annual revenues
Lead the strategy, go to market and roadmap for Data Domain to maintain
position as market leader in PBBA market
Manage and grow geographically-distributed team of Product Managers
Launched Dell EMC Integrated Data Protection Appliance (IDPA & DP4400) as
the first product in Dell EMC's Integrated Appliances portfolio
Veritas Technologies LLC (formerly Symantec)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Director, Product Management
January 2014 - January 2016 (2 years 1 month)
Launched an innovative IT Service Continuity solution to deliver Recovery as a
Service (RaaS) across data centers, private and public clouds
Created new market opportunities in the rapidly growing cloud-based recovery
segment
Championed mind-shift from traditional product delivery to delivering software
as a cloud-hosted service
Enabled rapid delivery of value to customers and partners through agile
development methodologies
Built a high performing geo-distributed product management team with strong
technical roots
Violin Memory
Director, Product Management
July 2012 - December 2013 (1 year 6 months)
Santa Clara, CA
Product roadmap, marketing strategy, partner engagement and field
enablement for core array software and appliances.
- Created new software product line with independent pricing and licensing
strategy
- Introduced new software for scale-out management of 100's of storage arrays
- Managed partner relations to ensure faster time to market for software
functionality
- Provided business due diligence and technology integration for the GridIron
integration
- Handled all go-to-market and analyst activities for software launch, leading
up to IPO
Symantec
3 years 9 months
Principal Product Manager
September 2010 - July 2012 (1 year 11 months)
Mountain View, CA
Product management and marketing strategy for Symantec's High Availability
and Disaster Recovery (HA/DR) products, with specific emphasis on Veritas
Cluster Server (VCS) and Veritas Replicator (VR)
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
- Diversified into Service Continuity market segment through introduction of
new software capabilities
- Enabled greater attach of Availability products to x86 virtualization through
complementary approach
- Introduced new file-based replication to meet content distribution use cases
as an independent SKU
- Partnered with Sales, Support, Marketing and Engineering to ensure all-
round coverage for products
Senior Manager, Development
November 2008 - September 2010 (1 year 11 months)
Mountain View, CA
- Managed global team of 10+ senior engineers for development of Cluster
Volume Manager and Veritas Volume Replicator
- Introduced several new concepts/features to enable scale-out deployment
models for shared storage
- Directly managed top-50 customers for Volume Replicator to ensure total
customer satisfaction
- Enabled new analytics-based data-driven approach to measuring pre-release
quality and establishing gate-oriented approach to tracking delivery readiness
Symantec
Manager, VxFS on HP-UX
August 2006 - November 2007 (1 year 4 months)
* Management and  technical leadership for team of 15 kernel engineers,
tasked with delivery of Veritas File System (VxFS) releases on HP-UX
operating system.
* Build an effective alliance with HP, driving collaboration with HP's
engineering teams for OEM of JFS and ServiceGuard
Symantec (formerly Veritas)
Senior Software Engineer, Clustered storage
December 2002 - July 2006 (3 years 8 months)
Pune, India
* Kernel engineer in the Veritas File System (VxFS) development team, with
specific expertise on HP-UX operating system
* Key engineer for development of VxFS component in Portable Data
Containers (PDC) - a technology for data migration from any to any platform.
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Hewlett-Packard
Software Engineer
August 2001 - November 2002 (1 year 4 months)
* Software Engineer in Platform Software Architecture Lab (PSAL) of HP,
based in Richardson, Texas.
* Part of the modularity oriented re-archicture of machine dependent virtual
memory code, including Virtual Hash Page Table (VHPT), Translation Look-
Aside Buffer (TLB) and Page Deallocation Table (PDT) code segments
* Developed and automated test suites for exerciser (simulator) based testing
of machine dependent virtual memory modules.
DSQ Software
Member of Technical Staff
July 1998 - August 1999 (1 year 2 months)
* Development of Online Student Registration System for a leading university
in Thailand
Education
University of California, Berkeley - Walter A. Haas School of
Business
MBA, Marketing and General Management · (2010 - 2013)
The Ohio State University
MS, Computer Engineering · (1999 - 2001)
University of Madras
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Electronics & Communication
Engineering · (1994 - 1998)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rashmi-
ranjan-5a839620b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Educationalist
HR Operations
IT Operations
Certifications
Human Resource Analytics
Human Resource Analytics
Rashmi Ranjan
CMO - Quantum Morphosis
Delhi, India
Summary
I come up with around 16 years of work experience in IT, Marketing
and HR, with having Educational Qualification as MBA and Bachelor
of Information Technology and Bachelor of Arts. 
As I believe, that, Learning and Development is an integral part
of our lives and before we teach or preach others, we ourselves
must be practicing the same, and so, under the certification
title Entrepreneurship Skill Development (IIT Patna) Program,
I have learnt Unleashing Entrepreneurship by calculating and
understanding Present scenario, Entrepreneurship Importance,
Need & practice, business Opportunity Identification : Source
of information, How to set up MSME( Gov. formalities, rules &
regulations etc.), Selecting Potential Entrepreneurs :Rationale for
selection, Financial Management in MSME, Problem Solving and
Decision making
How to assess Pre-feasibility to project through Market Survey,
Ecosystem available for promoting Entrepreneurship, Stress
Management session.
Science of Well - Being where the learning of how to be happier
through some energy work is very prominently grasped, like, I now
have belief that, 40% of our happiness is under our control( that is
not determined by genetics or life circumstances),  that, we often
grossly overestimate how much we think something will make us
happy . Humans are incredibly resilient and can adapt to pretty much
anything - whether positive or negative. And, also, that, our minds
don’t think in absolutes -- We judge ourselves and our circumstances
relative to other reference point, even if doing so makes us unhappy
or if it's wildly unrealistic. So, to be really be happy, we need to focus
on following for being happy by daily practicing, Savoring, Gratitude,
Kindness, Social Connection, Flowing, Meditation, Exercise, Good
Sleep, Auxiliary happiness interventions, using your signature
strengths and by setting better goal.
I have been providing Volunteer Coordination Services to various
organizations and NGOs with having my access to Community
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Relations. Also, in the segment of Marketing and Media Research,
I have learnt a few methods including Strategic Marketing planning,
Social Media Management, Market Research and Researched
national competitors in the company's market segment and compiled
profiles that improved competitive advantage and also have Created
a comprehensive advertising strategy for clients of various sorts by
analyzing the media effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
The data is the new oil of the world not to be left behind I have
armed my self with HR Analytics certification from University of
California
Experience
Quantum Morphosis 
CMO – Quantum Morphosis 
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
India
I come up with around 16 years of work experience in IT, Marketing and HR,
with having Educational Qualification as MBA and Bachelor of Information
Technology, and BA. 
I have been providing Volunteer Coordination Services to various
organizations and NGOs with having my access to Community Relations.
In the segment of Marketing and Media Research, I have learnt a few methods
including Strategic Marketing planning, Social Media Management, Market
Research and Researched national competitors in the company's market
segment and compiled profiles that improved competitive advantage and also
have Created a comprehensive advertising strategy for clients of various sorts
by analyzing the media effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
As I believe, that, Learning and Development is an integral part of our lives
and before we teach or preach others, we ourselves must be practicing the
same, and so, under the certification title Entrepreneurship Skill Development
(IIT Patna) Program, I have learnt Unleashing Entrepreneurship by calculating
and understanding Present scenario, Entrepreneurship Importance, Need &
practice, business Opportunity Identification : Source of information, How to
set up MSME( Gov. formalities, rules & regulations etc), Selecting Potential
Entrepreneurs :Rationale for selection, Financial Management in MSME,
Problem Solving and Decision making. 
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Again my ideology is synching so very well with the term Quantum Morphosis –
the brand name of our company so very well by unbridling learning of Science
of Well - Being where the learning of how to be happier through some energy
work is very prominently grasped. I have exposures in various industries like
Information Technology, Manufacturing and Assessment Industry and I am
now a persona ready to revere the world of Global Education Segment through
my endeavors and learning.
RichMinds Digital Pvt Ltd
2 years 4 months
Manager, HR & Admin
December 2022 - May 2023 (6 months)
India
Human Resource Generalist
February 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 11 months)
India
JACKSON, noida
Management Information System Executive
February 2021 - March 2021 (2 months)
India
 
Page 3 of 3
