CMO/Abirbhav kumar.txt CMO/Prasad Kothare.txt CMO/Mayur Hola.txt CMO/Rajesh Singh.txt CMO/Manisha Khadge.txt CMO/Alok Kumar.txt CMO/Vivek Singh.txt CMO/Pramod Jain.txt CMO/Arjun S.txt CMO/Alisha Verma.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/abirbhav-
kumar-92217a191 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Customer handling
Abirbhav kumar
CMO at s2code | Helping Startups & Individual to build Brand | Grow
Your Business with Websites | Digital Marketing
Delhi, India
Experience
s2code
1 year 10 months
CMO
July 2022 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Business Development Manager
June 2022 - July 2022 (2 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Relience general insurance
Motor claim manager
June 2019 - June 2022 (3 years 1 month)
Education
RIMT- Institute of Engg. and Technology, Mandi Gobindgarh
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Mechanical Engineering · (2014 - 2018)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/prasad-
kothare-83462b10 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lotus
1-2-3, Wordstar, Havard Graphics,
E-Mail
Languages Known English, Marathi
Hindi (Speak, Read & Write)
Extra Qualification - English Typing
Honors-Awards
Shining Star Award
Prasad Kothare
ASSISTANT OFFICER - CMO (Central Marketing Office)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I. Presently working with M/s. UltraTech Cement Limited. – Cement
Marketing Division (ADITYA BIRLA GROUP) in Central Marketing
Office.
Position : ASSISTANT OFFICER - CMO
Duration : From 1ST October 2005 onwards.
II. With M/s. Aditya Birla Management Corporation Limited (ADITYA
BIRLA GROUP) in Corporate Human Resources.
Position : PROJECT ASSISTANT to Sr. Vice President - CHR
Duration : From 15TH September 2001 TO 31st October 2005.
III. With ESSEL WORLD / WATER KINGDOM – (M/s. Pan India
Paryatan Limited) in Food & Beverage Department.
Position : CASHIER (EXECUTIVE)
Duration : From January 2001 to February 2001
Worked as Cashier For Taipan Chinese Kiosk.
Position : SUPERVISOR (EXECUTIVE)
Duration : From 1ST March 2001 to 14TH September 2001.
IV. With M/s. Emil Pharmaceutical Industries Pvt. Ltd., & Sanjivani
Paranteral Limited. (Joint Marketing) (In Distribution Department).
 
Page 1 of 9
 
 
Position : EXECUTIVE - DISTRIBUTION
Duration : From 1ST April 2000 to 6TH September 2000
V. With M/s. Hoechst Marion Roussel Limited in Distribution
Department
Position : COMPANY TRAINEE
Duration : From 1ST February 1996 to 22ND March 2000.
VI. With M/s. Somjyoti Enterprises (On Contract basis with M/s.
Roussel India Limited) in Distribution Department.
Position : Assistant
Duration : From November 1994 to January 1996.
Experience
M/s. UltraTech Cement Limited. – Cement Marketing Division
(ADITYA BIRLA GROUP) in Central Marketing
ASSISANT OFFICER - CMO
October 2005 - Present (18 years 6 months)
Andheri - East
Presently working with M/s. UltraTech Cement Limited. – Cement Marketing
Division (ADITYA BIRLA GROUP) in Central Marketing Office.
Position : ASSISTANT OFFICER - CMO
Duration : From 1ST October 2005 onwards.
MIS Reports: 1.Blended % age – Group-wise / State-wise 2.Market Share
ABG & Majors 3.Growth - Industry & Majors 4.Despatches - Industry & Majors
5.Distribution Pattern - Industry & Majors 6.Capacity Utilization 7.Month-
end Net Prices Trends (Graphs) 8.Region-wise & Group-wise Clinker Stocks
& No. of Days 9.Year-wise comparisons (Domestic, Zones, States). CMA
(Industry Data & Competitors) : 1.Monthly Updation of CMA Data / Master
Data (Actual) / Performance Data from the Web Site: www.cmaindia.org. (Pro
- Data) 2.Loading CMA CD in IQs Monthly basis in PC 3.Monthly Updation of
CMA / Master Data (Actual) / Performance Data from Cement IQs.4.Monthly
Updation of various CMA / Master data (Actual) / Performance Data on
 
Page 2 of 9
 
 
Website: ultratechcemtrack.com 5.Preparation of various Reports for HPC
Meeting Monthly basis. - Clinker Stocks No. of Days (Group-Wise / Region-
wise) - Prices (North / East / Maharashtra / Gujarat / South - A / South - B
(Brand-wise / WSP / RSP /MRP) 6.Month-wise / Zone-wise / State-wise
Cement Consumption (Fig. in Milt. & its Growth %age / Market Share % age)
a.Month-end Billing Prices b.Price Report
c.Summary - Gross Billing / WSP / RSP / MRP 7.Month-wise / Zone-wise
Performance Data (Fig. in MilT. & its Growth %age) - Cement Production -
Clinker Production - Conversion Ratio - Capacity Utilization % age - Clinker
Ground - Cement Export - Clinker Export - Capacity Addup - Cement Stocks
- Clinker Stocks CORRESPONDENCE & PRESENTATION :1.Presentations.
- Chairman Meeting - Strategy - Planning & Budgeting - Performance Review
2.Correspondence with external agencies; such as Crisil; NCAER; iCOMM
Technologies; The Boston Consulting Group; BDB (Business Development
Bureau. 3.Back-end Support to Our Team Members.4.Work for Galaxy -
Sports
Aditya Birla Management Corporation Ltd.
Assistant - Corporate Human Resources
September 2001 - September 2005 (4 years 1 month)
II. With M/s. Aditya Birla Management Corporation Limited (ADITYA BIRLA
GROUP) in Corporate Human Resources.
Position : PROJECT ASSISTANT to Sr. Vice President - CHR
Duration : From 15TH September 2001 TO 31st October 2005.
1. Preparation of HARD & SOFT copies of Job Descriptions for various
employees in the Units (For Job Analysis Process) were maintained.
2. To maintain respective directories for the various units in MS-Office.
3. To E-mail / courier the Job Descriptions to their respective Units to enable
them to update changes in there Job Descriptions. (For Quality Audit of JD’s)  
 
Page 3 of 9
 
 
4. To relocate all Quality Audited Job descriptions from various units & arrange
it in the same pattern as mentioned in point no. 1 & 2. 
5. Renaming the Files received from various units.
6. Arrangements for the Meetings of Top Management Committee Members /
Job Analysis Team  / Job Evaluation Seminars  / Consultants were done.
7. Organizing the Xerox sets & book binding of Job Descriptions for the
meetings of Job Top Management Committee Members / Job Analysis & Job
Evaluations Seminars / Consultants meetings was done. 
8. Preparation of Database Statements Unit-wise & maintaining the records in
excel worksheet. 
9. Sorting & Filing of Records were maintained.
10.  Maintaining the Expense Statement Record for the various consultants.
11. To organize despatching of various circulars / correspondence to various
units. 
12. Preparation of Organisation Charts for various employees / units of Job
Analysis Project. 
13. Records for LTIC / PWC Variable Study / Variable Pay Plan were
maintained.
14. To assist executives / secretaries in CHR department in computer related
work.
ESSEL WORLD / WATER KINGDOM – (M/s. Pan India Paryatan
Limited) in Food & Beverage Department.
9 months
SUPERVISOR (EXECUTIVE)
January 2001 - September 2001 (9 months)
Gorai
Position : CASHIER (EXECUTIVE)
Duration : From January 2001 to February 2001
 
Page 4 of 9
 
 
Worked as Cashier For Taipan Chinese Kiosk.
Position : SUPERVISOR (EXECUTIVE)
Duration : From 1ST March 2001 to 14TH September 2001.
Worked as Cashier For Taipan Chinese Kiosk.
Following things were under supervision (Food & Beverages Department).
1. Supervision of Approximate 10 Kiosks & 30 Trollies of both ESSEL WORLD
& WATER KINGDOM combined was done.  
2. Cleanliness in maintaining the trollies / kiosks were seen.
3. Proper Uniform of Staff working in F&B Department was observed.
4. Hygiene, Proper hair-cut, Nails & Shoes was observed.
5. Preparations of various VEG & NON – VEG Items was tasted.
6. Day – to Day basis Preparation of the Reports on the above mentioned
points were maintained & was reported to F&B Manager.
CASHIER (EXECUTIVE)
January 2001 - February 2001 (2 months)
III. With ESSEL WORLD / WATER KINGDOM – (M/s. Pan India Paryatan
Limited) in Food & Beverage Department.
Position : CASHIER (EXECUTIVE)
Duration : From January 2001 to February 2001
Worked as Cashier For Taipan Chinese Kiosk.
Position : SUPERVISOR (EXECUTIVE)
 
Page 5 of 9
 
 
Duration : From 1ST March 2001 to 14TH September 2001.
Following things were under supervision (Food & Beverages Department).
1. Supervision of Approximate 10 Kiosks & 30 Trollies of both ESSEL WORLD
& WATER KINGDOM combined was done.  
2. Cleanliness in maintaining the trollies / kiosks were seen.
3. Proper Uniform of Staff working in F&B Department was observed.
4. Hygiene, Proper hair-cut, Nails & Shoes was observed.
5. Preparations of various VEG & NON – VEG Items was tasted.
6. Day – to Day basis Preparation of the Reports on the above mentioned
points were maintained & was reported to F&B Manager.
M/s. Emil Pharmaceutical Industries Pvt. Ltd., & Sanjivani Paranteral
Limited. (Joint Marketing) (In
EXECUTIVE - DISTRIBUTION
April 2000 - September 2000 (6 months)
Borivali - East
IV. With M/s. Emil Pharmaceutical Industries Pvt. Ltd., & Sanjivani Paranteral
Limited. (Joint Marketing) (In Distribution Department).
Position : EXECUTIVE - DISTRIBUTION
Duration : From 1ST April 2000 to 6TH September 2000
1. Preparation on the Report of Bank – Statements.
 
Page 6 of 9
 
 
2. Product-Wise Reconciliation of Statement.
3. Printing of Sales Report.
4. Entry of closing stock / Sales Estimates 7 goods in Transit for determining
stock allocation.
5. Looking after various schemes, which were sponsored on various products.
6. Order Entries in Dot’s System.
7. Printing of Invoices from Dot’s System. 
8. Finalization of Price-List (Product-Wise).
9. “CHECKSUM” required by Various C & FA’s / CA’s was handled.
10. Scheme Entries were done in Dot’s System. 
11. Finalization of All India Finished Goods Statement (Product-Wise).
12. Assisting Distribution Managers & Executive for entry of Sales in Computer
and other Computer related work.
13. Entries of Purchase orders in FA-Live. 
14. Printing of Purchase orders.
15. CFA’s / CA’s Accounts Registers were maintained. (Incoming of Demand
Draft / Cheques, Etc.).
M/s. Hoechst Marion Roussel Limited
COMPANY TRAINEE in Distribution Department
February 1996 - March 2000 (4 years 2 months)
Worli / JuiNagar / Mulund - West / Andheri - East
V. With M/s. Hoechst Marion Roussel Limited in Distribution Department
Position : COMPANY TRAINEE
 
Page 7 of 9
 
 
Duration : From 1ST February 1996 to 22ND March 2000.
1. Entry of Closing stock / goods in transit and sales estimates for determining
stock allocation.
2. Compilation of data expiry / damages claims / replacements.
3. Assisting Distribution Executives for entry of sales in Computer system.
4. Assisting Managers in Distribution Department in Factory as well as in Office
for Computer related work.
5. Release of Test Reports / Certificates required for Hospital Supplies.
6. Printing of Sales Reports.
7. Reconciliation of Statements product-wise.
8. Entries of Rolling sales plan (RSP), Despatch Details of products &
preparation of All India finished Goods Statement.
VI. With M/s. Somjyoti Enterprises (On Contract basis with M/s. Roussel India
Limited) in Distribution Department.
Position : Assistant
Duration : From November 1994 to January 1996.
Education
Dadar Parsee Youths Assembly High School
 
Page 8 of 9
 
 
S.S.C, Marathi, Hindi, English, Geography, History & Civics, Biology,
Chemistry, Physics, Algebra, Geometry · (1994)
Ramnarayan Ruia College
H.S.C, English, Marathi, Psychology, Logic, Politics, Economics, · (1994)
 
Page 9 of 9
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mayurhola
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Integrated Marketing
Brand Management
Leadership
Mayur Hola
CMO at Culinary Brands - Subway, Lavazza, Fresh & Honest Coffee
l Recognised by WARC, Jay Chiat, Effie
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
Mine is a journey of transformation. From designing computer
games, to being a creative leader in advertising, to heading the
global brand for a consumer tech startup and now leading marketing
for an FnB platform.
Learning every single day is a high and passing on everything I have
learnt is deeply ingrained in me, just as I was taught by the best in
the business.
The teams I have had the good fortune to lead and build have
delivered proven business results, won marketing effectiveness
honours & indeed creative awards. A balance I strive for.
Experience
Culinary Brands
Chief Marketing Officer
December 2022 - Present (1 year 4 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
At Culinary Brands, we currently operate three brands across India & South
Asia; Subway, Lavazza and Fresh & Honest Coffee. As CMO at CB my role
is to unlock growth, create brand love and maximise every marketing dollar
spent. Given that product innovation is part of what I do, I get to plan a menu,
curate & create flavours, colours, textures and treats. And then market them
across all channels.
OYO
3 years 8 months
SVP Global Brand
February 2022 - December 2022 (11 months)
India
Simply put, I drove the agenda of deploying strategic and creative excellence
to deliver business performance.
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
In my time with the organisation, I built brand into a marketing and growth
engine and took OYO to the top 5 most effective brands as recognised by
global benchmarks such as WARC, Jay Chiat & Effies.
VP, Head of Global Brand
February 2020 - February 2022 (2 years 1 month)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
AVP, Head Of Brand
May 2019 - February 2020 (10 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Havas
National Creative Director
January 2019 - April 2019 (4 months)
Delhi Area, India
My journey in advertising has been exhilarating and character building.
More on that and a bit about me, can be glanced through on my website;
mayurhola.com
Contract India
5 years 5 months
Executive Creative Director, EVP
September 2015 - January 2019 (3 years 5 months)
New Delhi Area, India
Writer, creative head, janitor, shrink. We got a new, wall-to-wall trophy case
installed when I joined. It was filled to the brim by the time I exited.
Executive Creative Director
September 2013 - September 2015 (2 years 1 month)
gurgaon, india
McCann Erickson
2 years 3 months
Senior Creative Director
August 2012 - September 2013 (1 year 2 months)
New Delhi Area, India
Creative Director
July 2011 - September 2012 (1 year 3 months)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Ogilvy & Mather
Creative Director
February 2009 - July 2011 (2 years 6 months)
TBWA\DELHI, India
AVP Creative
July 2007 - January 2009 (1 year 7 months)
McCann Erickson, Delhi, India
Creative Team Leader
September 2005 - June 2007 (1 year 10 months)
Grey Worldwide, Delhi, India
Copy Supervisor
May 2004 - September 2005 (1 year 5 months)
Contract Advertising, Delhi, India
Senior Copywriter
October 2003 - April 2004 (7 months)
McCann Erickson, Delhi, India
Copywriter
March 2000 - September 2003 (3 years 7 months)
Education
Delhi College of Arts & Commerce
Eng (Hons.), English Literature · (1993 - 1996)
Air Force Bal Bharti School, Lodhi Road, New Delhi
XIIth, Science · (1989 - 1993)
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rajesh-
singh-173b6726 (LinkedIn)
Rajesh Singh
CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Experience
Sagar Cements Ltd
General Manager Marketing
Sagar Cements Ltd
Sr.DGM -Mktng
Sagar Cements Ltd
CMO
August 2020 - Present (3 years 8 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
manishakhadge (LinkedIn)
www.signzy.com (Company)
Top Skills
Lead Generation
Market Research
Business Intelligence
Languages
Marathi
Hindi
English
Certifications
Social Media Marketing Foundations
Social Media Marketing: Strategy
and Optimization
Artificial Intelligence and Business
Strategy
Foundations of Diversity, Equity,
Inclusion, and Belonging
2D Animation and Web Designing
Honors-Awards
Global “WOMAN OF WORTH” award
Global CMO of the year award
Asia's 100 Power Leaders in
Marketing & Communications
2021-22
Most Influential Marketing Leader
Top 10 Best Women CMO of India
2022
Publications
Creating a Market for Low-Cost
Menstrual Hygiene Products in India
Dilemmas with Using Strategy to
Create a Market for Renewable
Energy in Subsistence Marketplace
Manisha Khadge
LinkedIn Top Voice/CMO/B2B SaaS Products and ITeS Marketer/
Speaker/Asia's Top Woman Power Leader/DEI Podcast Host/Ex-
(Synechron/Tavisca JPMC/Icertis)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Marketing practitioner with close to two decades of IT products &
services experience in building & 
establishing brands. Years of track record of expanding business for
software solutions and SaaS 
product portfolios, delivering high-impact GTM strategies across the
globe that built brand 
awareness and driven revenue for companies like Synechron,
Tavisca (part of JPMC), Icertis. Successfully launched numerous
solutions/products (SaaS) and services within start-ups 
utilizing the end to end marketing and communications skills.
Core Competencies: Leadership, Marketing Strategies, Market
Research & Analysis, Segmentation, Targeting & GTM strategy,
Integrated Marketing Communications, Lead Generation and
Qualification, Campaign Planning, Development, Delivery &
Measurement, Partner Strategy and Marketing, Digital Marketing,
Online & Offline Branding, Social Media Marketing across multiple
platforms, Sales/Sales enablement, Communication & PR/Media
Management.
Experience
Mindbowser Inc
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
The IOT Magazine
Moderator & Podcast Host
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Dover, Delaware, United States
DEI Podcast - where we explore the transformative power of Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion in today's world.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Each episode features interviews with founders, experts, innovators, and
thought leaders across various industries who share their experiences and
insights.
Gain valuable insights, strategies, and inspiring stories that will empower you
to foster a more equitable and inclusive environment. Together, let's create
a world where diversity is celebrated, equity is achieved, and inclusion is the
norm.
Self-employed
Fractional CMO
March 2022 - February 2023 (1 year)
Let's partner to build and establish long lasting brand and exponential revenue
growth.
Signzy
Vice President Global Marketing
October 2021 - March 2022 (6 months)
Maharashtra, India
Signzy is redefining the limits of innovation in building trust online. We are
committed to delivering a secure and positive experience for our clients.
Icertis
Director - Marketing APAC & MEA
January 2019 - October 2021 (2 years 10 months)
Pune Area, India
With unmatched technology and category-defining innovation, Icertis pushes
the boundaries of what’s possible with contract lifecycle management
(CLM). The AI-powered, analyst-validated Icertis Contract Intelligence (ICI)
platform turns contracts from static documents into strategic advantage by
structuring and connecting the critical contract information that defines how
an organization runs. Today, the world’s most iconic brands and disruptive
innovators trust Icertis to fully realize the intent of their combined 7.5 million+
contracts worth more than $1 trillion, in 40+ languages and 90+ countries.
Tavisca, a cxLoyalty Technology Platform (Division of JP Morgan
Chase & Co.)
3 years 9 months
Marketing - Head
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
January 2016 - December 2018 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Tavisca Solutions, an Affinion Group company, through its subsidiary
Connexions Loyalty, is a leading Travel Technology Products & Solutions
Company that powers over 4.8 million (2017) travel bookings for leading
B2C, membership-based travel and B2B travel companies globally. Tavisca
Solutions has helped travel brands transform themselves into technology-
centric market leaders in travel, empower their vision, and scale their
businesses.  Established in 2008, tavisca® has emerged into a team of travel
technology specialists with over 300 dedicated personnel. A state-of-the-art
development center in India, and a sales and marketing office in the USA. For
more information, visit www.tavisca.com 
Heading - Marketing Strategies & Planning, Digital Marketing, SEO/SEM,
Social Media, Brand Management, Research, Lead Generation, Event
Management, Sales Enablement
Head – New Client Acquisition
September 2015 - January 2016 (5 months)
Tavisca Solutions, a leading travel technology company specializing in
products and services for (B2B, B2C, and B2B2C) Online Travel Agencies,
Consolidators, Destination Management Companies and Consortia.
Senior Manager Business Development
April 2015 - September 2015 (6 months)
Heading Research, Lead Generation and Sales Enablement Practices at
Tavisca.
Tavisca Solutions, a leading travel technology company specializing in
products and services for (B2B, B2C, and B2B2C) Online Travel Agencies,
Consolidators, Destination Management Companies and Consortia.
Synechron
10 years 3 months
Senior Manager - Marketing
January 2012 - April 2015 (3 years 4 months)
Managing Research, Content, Corporate Design and Telesales Team and
Activities for Synechron
Manager - Marketing
January 2010 - December 2011 (2 years)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
- Understanding overall US & UK market potential and trends.
- Research & assessments of sales opportunities and target markets. 
- Intelligence gathering on customers and competitors, help generate leads for
possible sales, follow-up sales activity. 
- Research & Analysis of new business opportunities, identify likely sales
points, help develop strategic plans and sales strategies.
Assistant Manager - Marketing
February 2005 - December 2009 (4 years 11 months)
Reporting House
Actuate -- Business Development Executive
June 2004 - February 2005 (9 months)
Handled Business Development activities for Actuate reporting tool
Education
Fergusson College
Masters, Digital Electronics · (1997 - 2002)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
1st to 12th  · (1985 - 1997)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/alokkumar10
(LinkedIn)
twitter.com/Alok_Says (Personal)
Top Skills
Pre-sales
Market Research
Management Consulting
Certifications
Six Sigma Green Belt Certified
Digital Marketing Master Certification
Alok Kumar
CMO at Entrackr | Chief Curator of "Unicorn Premier League"
Delhi, India
Summary
Passionate in contributing Indian Startup Ecosystem. Interested In
New Emerging Technologies | Building Brands | Marketing Trends |
Building Human Trust | Contributing to team success.
Other than that, marketing leader with an impressive track record
spanning over 15 years. At present, Heading Marketing & Strategy
at prestigious media house, Entrackr Media. Before that part of
leadership team of equally prestigious Inc42 Media. Also, went
through the paths of management consulting where got the
opportunity to work with number of major corporates like Coca Cola,
Mother Dairy, Trident Industries, Mawana Sugars and etc.
Experience
Entrackr
Head- Marketing & Strategy 
January 2019 - Present (5 years 3 months)
New Delhi Area, India
- Chief Curator of India's biggest startup cricket league in startup universe :
"Unicorn Premier League". Right from the conceptualization to seamless
execution. Often dubbed as the IPL of the Indian Startup Ecosystem. Visit the
official website for more details: https://unicornpremierleague.com/
- Part of the leadership team responsible for long term brand and growth
strategy
- Work next to the founders for developing and executing the short and long
term business and brand strategies
- New product development (Tech, editorial & events) and go to market
strategy
- Tech: The Kredible
- Editorial: Entrackr Sub brands: Fintrackr, Snippets, ESOPtrackr and so on
- Events: Unicorn Premier League, D2C Yatra, Unicorn Trips, Mixers etc
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
- Working closely with Indian tech startup community including startups
founders, VCs, Angels etc.
- Responsible for internal team growth and culture
- Development and execution of marketing campaigns
- Responsible for strategic partnerships/ tie-ups
Company Profile:
Entrackr is a new age media platform for entrepreneurs, startups and
technology enthusiasts. We cover technology startups and breaking
developments around them with incisive analysis and deep insights on a
daily basis. We aim to empower entrepreneurs with the knowledge to make a
positive impact on the overall tech-driven startup ecosystem.
Website: www.entrackr.com
Inc42 Media
Senior Manager- Marketing & Business Alliances
January 2016 - December 2018 (3 years)
New Delhi Area, India
- Communicating with the tech start-up community, accelerators, incubators,
co-working spaces, government & private agencies; working in the Indian
entrepreneurship ecosystem.
- Formulating & implementing strategies/policies and reaching out to the
unexplored market segments/customer groups for business expansion
- Assisted in formulation & organizing events to influence the thought process
and actions of the government, corporate, organizations, and media
- Assisted in Brand building strategies & product development 
- Digital campaign planning and Execution for acquired partners/clients
- Directing various activities such as client acquisition & retention,
market expansion, revenue generation, industry networking, relationship
management, business partnerships, and corporate tie-ups
- Conceptualizing & executing sales promotional activities /events for
brand formulation & market development; Strategizing the long-term
business directions of the region to ensure maximum profitability in line with
organizational objectives
- Implementing marketing programs/strategies to improve product awareness
in markets by brand building and market development efforts resulting in
revenue generation
- Participating in bids & tenders and managing the complete bidding process
Slipfielder.com
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Founder
January 2015 - January 2016 (1 year 1 month)
New Delhi Area, India
- Cofounded and working at strategic position, role encompasses looking
after designing, liaisons with partners for technical developments & marketing
strategies for e-commerce website and mobile apps. - The website gone live in
October 2015
- Passionate about entrepreneurship, believer of creating yourself, have keen
interest in new business initiatives and likes to be part of various startups.
Company Profile:
Slipfielder.com, (was) one of the most trusted product and price comparison e-
commerce portal. Slipfielder.com believed in traditional bargain power of buyer
therefore our team strives to provide the best valued deals possible to online
shoppers with the help of millions of listings from seller websites, local sellers.
Capgemini India Pvt Ltd
Account Management, Business Development & Pre Sales Consultant
May 2010 - 2014 (4 years)
Gurgaon
- Responsible for Business Development, Account Management, Resources-
Demand Fulfilment, People Management and Operation Management,
Profitability for the Account
- Client engagement experience for Professional Services/ Staff Augmentation
- Coordination with Client Partners/ Project Managers regularly and focus on
growth of engagement
- Generate new business opportunities within the account
- Co-ordinate with internal support units including RMG and Recruitment to fill
the staffing needs
- Client meetings at CXOs level, presentations and reports for branding &
marketing
- Adequate experience of client interaction and have experience on creating
marketing material like product flyers
- Involved in Pre-Sales activities like responding to RFPs & Tenders, writing
proposals, EOI resulting in successful project acquisition 
- Provided support to the sales team in deal closure. 
- Interact with sales and solutioning team and consolidate information 
- Participate in Customer discussions to understand the business objectives. 
- Knowledge Transfer to Solutioning teams.
- Preparation of Proposals/Responses to RFI’s
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
- Support in Bid Management
- To provide market intelligence on customer needs, competition and tracking
and benchmarking
Proact Management Consulting
Management Consultant
June 2005 - May 2008 (3 years)
Involved in high value business consulting. Few projects undertaken:
- Business Process Re-engineering
- Costing Structure Analysis in leading healthcare group in Delhi/ NCR region
- Pricing System Revision in leading healthcare group in Delhi/ NCR region
- Process based costing (ABC costing) of prioritize surgeries
- Employee satisfaction survey & Business Analysis
- 5S and Kaizen Initiatives
- Exports of fresh fruits to from Maharastra to Russia
- Implementation of “Balance Score Card”
- Research of cost drivers and restructure supply chain
- Small Group Improvement Activities (Six Sigma based) initiatives
Education
Symbiosis institute of Management Studies
Master in Business Administration, Marketing & Finance · (2008 - 2010)
Delhi College of Engineering
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Civil Engineering · (July 2001 - June 2005)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vrsingh
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Management
Analysis
Change Management
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Digital Marketing Specialization
Social Media Marketing
Specialization
Branding: The Creative Journey
Specialization
Business Analytics Specialization
Honors-Awards
Global Mindset Merit Scholarship
The Clash of Consultants
Service and Commitment Award
Publications
Marketing Strategy
Vivek Singh
Fractional CMO | SAAS | Growth
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
As an accomplished MBA graduate with a robust track record
spanning over 14 years, I bring a wealth of expertise in shaping,
implementing, and optimizing groundbreaking marketing strategies
for both Fortune 500 giants and nimble startups. My mission has
always been to elevate organizational success by meticulously
refining marketing approaches, ultimately driving exceptional ROI.
My forte lies in the art of crafting and executing omnichannel
marketing strategies that seamlessly navigate the intricacies of
the consumer decision journey. I've consistently delivered results
throughout my career by pinpointing and engaging consumers at
every crucial stage.
My acumen extends beyond mere proficiency in understanding
shifting consumer mindsets. I can leverage a diverse array of online
and offline platforms, strategically tailoring campaigns to resonate
with distinct customer segments. In navigating the digital ecosystem,
I not only comprehend but master the strategic marketing concepts
and wield the necessary tools to make astute decisions.
Whether shaping your company's destiny, steering a business unit,
directing a department, or refining a product line, I'm equipped to set
the compass in the digital age. Let's chart the course to unparalleled
success together.
Experience
Independent Consultant
Chief Growth Advisor
March 2018 - Present (6 years 1 month)
Remote
Served as marketing advisor to several early-stage startups and helped them
develop and execute GTM, sales & marketing strategy.
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Chief Marketing Advisor • Millennium IMS • India
 Lead development of sales & marketing and GTM for the international
market. 
Chief Marketing Advisor • Ion Energy • India
 Lead development of product messaging to drive sales conversion. 
Global Marketing Head • WorldData.AI • USA
 Lead PR & Comm, Product Marketing, Demand Generation, and
Customer Satisfaction Team resulted in 10.5K registration, over 10 Strategic
Partnerships, and $500K in revenue from Enterprise Contracts. 
Group Head, Digital • Studio52 LLC • Dubai
 Lead global marketing and re-branding strategy development that led to over
350 inbound leads and $300K in revenue.
 Launched Thermal Camera System in the Middle East, Australia and US
market.
 Co-ordinated with sales, product, customer service and other departments to
expand company presence outside the Middle East in the UK and Australia.  
VP, Strategy & BD • Erranzer • India
 Lead sales and marketing to drive an early-stage Growth Strategy that leads
to INR 1 Crore in Annual Revenue from B2C and B2B customers. 
 Launched E-commerce platform Erranzermela to allow more than 1 million
Indian boutique businesses to sell their product regionally and globally.
Freightwalla
VP of Marketing
June 2021 - August 2023 (2 years 3 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
The Deloitte Technology Fast 50 India 2022 winner Freightwalla is a digital
freight forwarder that provides global businesses access to tools and
technology that enables faster, cheaper and more efficient freight movement. 
Role: As a Global Head of Product Marketing, Digital Marketing, Inbound
Lead Generation, and Branding, spearheading development, execution and
optimization of marketing strategy to drive global expansion.
2022 Achievements:
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
- Built GTM to launch enterprise SaaS product “myFreight.ai” and generated
300 MQLs from domestic and international markets within the first 3 months. 
- Led completion of partnership with Govt. of India to integrate Freightwalla
with Unified Logistics Interface Platform (ULIP). 
- 316% Y-o-Y improvement in New User Traffic from 18,616 to 77,386.
- 230% Y-o-Y improvement in lead generation from 1,363 to 4,492.
- 26% improvement in media impression from 232 to 293.
- PR of Digital Transformation Survey PR trend No.1 on Google News Section
in India for 4 consecutive weeks. 
- 86% Y-o-Y increase in social media followers.
-  myFreight.ai Launch -  250 plus sign-ups.
Year 1 Achievements:
- 242% Y-o-Y jump in monthly website traffic
- 400% increase in monthly inbound leads
- 200% Increase in International Media Coverage
- Successful Launch of the company 1st SaaS Product in the Domestic and
International Market
Prominent Awards 
- Most Inspiring Business Leaders in Logistic & Supply Chain Industry 2022 by
CEO Magazine
- Top 10 APAC Logistics Firms in 2022 by Supply Chain Digital
- Fastest growing startups in Maharashtra 2022 by Insight Success
- Indian Achievers Forum (IAF) - Entrepreneur of the year 2021
- Deloitte Technology Fast 50 India 2022 winner
Republic Services
2 years 5 months
Analyst, Digital Marketing
January 2017 - February 2018 (1 year 2 months)
Phoenix, Arizona, United States
Republic Services, Inc is the second largest provider of non-hazardous solid
waste collection, transfer, disposal, recycling, and energy services in the
United States, as measured by revenue.
Led building 28 member onsite and offshore digital marketing team from
scratch with USD 10M budget and generated more than USD 100M from B2B
and B2C campaigns.
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Prepared and executed strategies to improve conversion rate, drive customer
acquisition, retention, lead conversion, and sales, leading to improvement in
year-over-year revenue.
Associate Analyst, Digital Marketing
October 2015 - January 2017 (1 year 4 months)
Phoenix, Arizona, United States
Led onsite and offshore cross-cultural and cross-functional team to launch
e-commerce services in 176 markets and prepare a training program to get
internal and external stakeholder acclimatized to the new platform.
CGI
Change Manager
December 2011 - July 2013 (1 year 8 months)
Bangalore, India
 Led 32 members of a global cross-cultural and cross-functional team for
global clients and successfully optimized the eCommerce sales funnel,
develop digital assets and launch digital products worldwide.
 Collaborated with local, regional, and global stakeholders to spearhead
cross-functional and cross-cultural team for implementation of more than 800
changes, leading to improvement in eCommerce sales and marketing qualified
lead (MQL).
 Led strategic marketing projects for Citi and Carrefour for European and Asia
Pacific Market, including building IT infrastructure for development of buyer
persona, and international marketing campaigns.
Tata Consultancy Services
System Engineer
August 2008 - November 2011 (3 years 4 months)
Bangalore, India
 Conducted in depth analyses of eService performance across a variety of
strategic online and mobile projects, and present recommendations to team
members, product owners, and senior management to design and implement
web optimization experiments.
 Set up and manage content and audience analytics tools like Google
Analytics to capture consumer behavior across any web-based channel, such
as web site, mobile app, emails, digital media, etc.
 Optimized user experience by improving:
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
− UX design, search, navigation and user journey – across devices and
regions.
− Site speed - page load performance.
− Support designing and implementing the e-commerce application projects.
Education
Arizona State University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), International
Business · (2013 - 2015)
Cochin University of Science and Technology
B.Tech, Electronics & Communication · (2004 - 2008)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pramod-
jain-2bb23557 (LinkedIn)
Pramod Jain
CMO at JK Paper Ltd
Delhi, India
Experience
JK Paper Ltd
CMO
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/arjun-
s-08b822102 (LinkedIn)
springedge.com (Company)
Top Skills
Business Development
Account Management
New Business Development
Languages
Hindi
English
Arjun S
CMO at Spring Edge
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Experience
Spring Edge
Working at
April 2012 - Present (12 years)
Bengaluru Area, India
Spring Edge Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is one of the Best business communication
solutions provider, Spring Edge's core services includes messaging and voice
communications with comprehensive and customized platform for all business
scales.
PayPal
Account Manager
July 2008 - March 2012 (3 years 9 months)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/alisha-verma
(LinkedIn)
linktr.ee/90dNorth (Company)
Top Skills
Networking
Creativity Skills
Persuasion
Alisha Verma
CMO of 90° North
Delhi, India
Summary
Here to network. For any business inquiry, please DM.
Experience
90° North
Chief Marketing Officer
July 2021 - Present (2 years 9 months)
Delhi, India
Education
Gargi College
Bachelor of Science - B.Sc, Botany (Hons.) · (2011 - 2014)
 
Page 1 of 1
