CMO/Neha Daga.txt CMO/VISHAL KUMAR.txt CMO/Pramod Jain.txt CMO/George L..txt CMO/Rajat Chugh.txt CMO/Ram Deshpande.txt CMO/Shubham Mishra.txt CMO/Ritu Nazir.txt CMO/Rashmi Ranjan.txt CMO/Meera Rajput.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/neha-
daga-581566118 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Management
Leadership
Public Speaking
Languages
Bengali (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Professional Working)
English (Professional Working)
Neha Daga
Head of Retail & CMO at OmAcme | Ex MT at Orient Electric | Ex PR
Intern at Candid Communication
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Summary
I have been a person who loves learning and gaining new skills.
Some of my skills include time management, adaptable to
environment, people management and creativity. Have a positive
attitude towards everything and have soft skills required for the task.
I am a team player and an energetic person. Being a fresher, I took
responsibilities such as leading a team in corporate challenges,
managing resources in events being organised. 
With my communication skills, I can persuade and influence people
to a win-win outcome. 
I am a trained dancer in different forms of dance and I love to sketch
and I am proud of having a black belt in Karate by a renowned
institution.
I was a Point of Contact of Hypnotics- The Dance Forum of IMT
Nagpur, where I merged my love for dance with managing a whole
team together.
Experience
OmAcme®
3 years 2 months
Chief Marketing Officer
February 2022 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Head Of Retail
February 2021 - Present (3 years 2 months)
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Orient Electric
Management Trainee
July 2020 - January 2021 (7 months)
Candid Communication
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Public Relations Intern
April 2019 - June 2019 (3 months)
Kolkata 
PR - Intern
Education
IMT Nagpur
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Marketing · (2018 - 2020)
The Bhawanipur Education Society College
Bachelor of Commerce - BCom, Accounting and Finance · (2015 - 2018)
The Bhawanipur Education Society College
Commerce+, Diploma Degree · (2015 - 2015)
Hariyana Vidya Mandir
Commerce · (2003 - 2015)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vishal-
kumar-538321216 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Digital Marketing
Social Media Marketing
Content Marketing
VISHAL KUMAR
CMO OF Digital Solutionslabs
Chandigarh, Chandigarh, India
Summary
business consultant 
part time 
may2021-Present
IF YOU HAVE POTENTIAL BUT YOU DON'T HAVE PROPER
SKILLS OR A GREAT PLATFORM. THEN THIS IS OPPORTUNITY
AS I  AM HIRRING POTENTIAL CANDIDATES IN MY TEAM FOR
UPCOMING PROJECT 
ROLL IN FAST 
NOTE :- SPECIALLY FOR FRESHER ALSO.
Experience
Digital Marketing
Business Owner
Digital Marketing
2 years 11 months
Asistant supervisor 
May 2021 - Present (2 years 11 months)
India
Business Owner
May 2021 - Present (2 years 11 months)
Marketing Specialist
May 2021 - Present (2 years 11 months)
Education
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
GSSS UHAL
chandigarh polytechnic college , Computer Science · (2010 - 2015)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pramod-
jain-2bb23557 (LinkedIn)
Pramod Jain
CMO at JK Paper Ltd
Delhi, India
Experience
JK Paper Ltd
CMO
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/george-
l-202644100 (LinkedIn)
www.derivesolution.com
(Company)
Top Skills
SEO
Software Development
JavaScript
George L.
CMO
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Experience
Derive Solution
IT Company
August 2015 - Present (8 years 8 months)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
rajatchugh1994@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/rajat-chugh
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
PHP
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)
Business Development
Rajat Chugh
CMO and Co-Founder at Insydin Technologies
Delhi, India
Summary
A happy go lucky techy nerd who loves bringing surrealism to reality.
I represent my company – Insydin Technologies Private Limited
where we as a team thrive to deliver the projects timely surpassing
the expectations for quality.
Experience
Insydin Technologies
CMO
June 2017 - Present (6 years 10 months)
New Delhi Area, India
SAP
Consultant
April 2016 - January 2017 (10 months)
Education
CV Raman University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science · (2012 - 2015)
Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business Administration and
Management, General
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ram-
deshpande-864b741 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Team Management
Digital Strategy
E-commerce
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Mandarin Chinese (Elementary)
Ram Deshpande
Chief Marketing Officer at Lendingkart
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Experience of over a decade in senior leadership positions in various
industries (advertising, e-commerce, hi-tech research and KPO) and
multiple geographies (India, China, and Japan);
Hands-on experience of developing and executing digital strategies
and digital transformation;
Business Unit Head at Snapdeal (Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd.), an e-
commerce marketplace;
AVP and Head of the Visual Merchandising at Snapdeal; managing
a team of 120 people responsible for all sale events and customer
engagement initiatives;
Led the setting up of a Japanese JV between Evalueserve, Sony
Corporation and Hazuki International;
Managed large teams of research professionals in India and China
providing services to global clients.
Experience
Lendingkart
2 years 7 months
Chief Marketing Officer
April 2023 - Present (1 year)
Senior Vice President and Head of Marketing
September 2021 - April 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Cheil India
Vice President, Digital
June 2018 - September 2021 (3 years 4 months)
Gurgaon, India
Operations and business management for Cheil Digital, one of the largest
digital agencies in India,.
Focusing on Samsung's digital marketing, advertising and communications in
India across all business categories. 
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Special focus on online marketing and e-commerce services.
Snapdeal
3 years 2 months
Business Unit Head
January 2017 - May 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Led the digital strategy, planning and operations of the Kids business unit
(BU); responsibilities included:
• Seller and inventory management: improving availability of merchandise and
reducing costs;
• Sale planning: carrying out online sale events and digital campaigns for the
BU;
• Assortment and brand management: providing assortment width for a variety
of customers;
• People management: managing a team of 30 people in a challenging
environment.
Achieved BU level profitability within six months
AVP - Merchandising, Category Management
April 2015 - January 2017 (1 year 10 months)
Gurgaon, India
Snapdeal is one of the largest ecommerce marketplaces in India based in
Gurgaon/Delhi 
Centralised, structured and led the visual merchandising for all categories at
Snapdeal; this team had 120 people across the following functions:
• Merchandising and online campaign execution: maintenance of over 50 web/
app storefronts and promotions of ~60 categories and ~700 sub-categories;
digital launches of ~5 brands per month;
• Strategy and planning: visibility calendarisation, personalisation, and planning
basis affinity data; improved homepage conversion by 30% over a six-month
period; strategy coordinated with other internal teams (devops, product design,
marketing) to effectively track internal projects;
• Analytics for sale strategies and live reporting: enabling data-backed decision
making as a part of the business process with interventions for promotion and
user journey improvements;
• Content writing: execution of a process to improve ~20,000 product pages
per month;
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
• Discoverability: catalog management for continuous improvement in filter/
search coverage; 
• Creative digital design: 50 people strong ‘banner factory’ to delivery ~300
designs and pages per day.
Achieved 40% productivity improvement by implementing process rigour; all
guidelines, internal communication steps and processes were written down
with clear definitions of ownership and TAT. 
Steered a large team to execute multiple campaigns with zero downtime; all
events/campaigns taken live at 12 midnight with zero errors; examples: Unbox
Diwali Sale 2016, Snapdeal Home Weekends; Republic Day Sale and the like.
Evalueserve India
Vice President, Intellectual Property and R&D Services
June 2012 - March 2015 (2 years 10 months)
Gurgaon, India
• Managed a team of over 160 engineers engaged in hi-tech patent research; 
• Productised patent licensing services for better utilization and quality: 35% of
BU revenues at 30% EBITDA; 
• Executed internal merger of multiple operations groups to reach utilization of
80%;
• Set up and ran innovation teams for workshop-based business development
with clients in Europe, US and Asia; developed solutions for critical technology
and innovation related problems.
Evalueserve Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Associate Vice President, Intellectual Property, China
September 2006 - June 2012 (5 years 10 months)
Shanghai City, China
Started and ran a Evalueserve's IP China center for providing Asian language
patent research services to clients across the world. Formed a team that
specialised in searching and analyzing Chinese, Japanese and Korean patent
(as well as non-patent) literature and providing the analysis in English. 
Played various roles in the organisation including ops management, business
development, marketing, and people management. 
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Involved in the management of the China office for various policy and strategy
decisions and external relationships; built the next layer of leadership team
comprising local talent.
Evalueserve
Senior Manager, Intellectual Property, India
July 2002 - September 2006 (4 years 3 months)
Managed one of the IP groups in the India office of Evalueserve, a KPO
(Knowledge Process Outsourcing) firm. 
Evalueserve provides customized Business Information services (Business
Research, Market Research, Investment Research, Data Analytics) and
Intellectual Property services from operations bases in India, China and Chile.
We've grown at about 80-90% per year since launch in 2000.
Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
B.E. (Hons.), Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (1998 - 2002)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
shubhammishra09 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Computer-Aided Design (CAD)
Vehicle Dynamics
Chassis
Shubham Mishra
Managing Director and Chief Marketing Officer at Team Solarium|
Student at Pimpri Chinchwad College Of Engineering, Pune
Nagpur, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Mechanical Engineer deeply interested in Automobiles. Skilled
in Communication, Public Speaking, Leadership, Presentations,
and Microsoft Office. Strong engineering professional with a
Bachelor of Technology from Pimpri Chinchwad Education Trust'S.
Pimpri Chinchwad College Of Engineering. Also interested in Web
development and AI-ML.
Experience
Team Solarium
2 years 5 months
Managing Director
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
Chief Marketing Officer
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Marketing Representative
March 2022 - June 2023 (1 year 4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Chassis and Composites Engineer
November 2021 - June 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Education
Pimpri Chinchwad Education Trust'S. Pimpri Chinchwad College Of
Engineering
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Mechanical Engineering · (2021 - 2024)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ritu-
nazir-8b83458 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
CRM
Business Strategy
Key Account Management
Ritu Nazir
Chief Marketing Officer
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
A dreamer and a believer, fueled by curiosity, propelled by the
power of positive manifestations, I am passionate about ideas and
people. I am driven by a constant urge to stretch possibilities and
results. I relish designing long term strategies, getting teams on the
same page and driving super-fast and flawless execution. This has
enabled me to ramp up business verticals and take brands to the
next level of growth in a short span of time.
I have almost 20 Years of experience across Banking, Life & General
Insurance with accomplishments in Marketing and Corporate
Communication, Public Relations, Direct and Digital, Customer
Service, Consumer Life cycle and Relationship Management. Ability
to devise marketing activities to set up & establish new projects,
strengthen brands through ATL, BTL and Digital, media planning &
buying with focus on accelerating business growth have been few of
my key focus areas over the years.
Spearheading the Digital marketing strategy for Liberty Insurance in
India with focus on Brand Visibility through Optimization of website
(SEO), SEM, Display Advertising campaigns, customer acquisition
through social media etc has strengthened my problem solving
and creative abilities. Process-orientation, deep analytical and
data driven thinking, learning new trends and innovations in the
digital space and leveraging them for business growth have been
my result-drivers. Understanding and defining the context in which
the customer is making the buying decision, developing the right
strategies that build preference among consumers and create
campaign which communicates the "moment of satisfaction" have
been few of the thoughts that I have always been driven by.
I love travelling around the world; it teaches me a hell-of-a-lot about
business and life, in general.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Experience
Raheja Qbe
4 years 11 months
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Senior Vice President-Marketing & Communication, Digital and
Customer Service
May 2019 - January 2020 (9 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Liberty General Insurance
Head - Marketing and Corporate Communication and Digital
November 2012 - May 2019 (6 years 7 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Yes Bank
Assistant Vice President- Marketing and Project Management
March 2006 - October 2012 (6 years 8 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited
Product Manager- Marketing, Sales Support and  Bancassurance
August 2003 - March 2006 (2 years 8 months)
Pune
Education
V K Patil’s Center for Management, Research & Development
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing · (2001 - 2003)
SPMR College of Commerve
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Commerce · (1998 - 2001)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
Higher Secondary, Computer Science · (1998)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rashmi-
ranjan-5a839620b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Educationalist
HR Operations
IT Operations
Certifications
Human Resource Analytics
Human Resource Analytics
Rashmi Ranjan
CMO - Quantum Morphosis
Delhi, India
Summary
I come up with around 16 years of work experience in IT, Marketing
and HR, with having Educational Qualification as MBA and Bachelor
of Information Technology and Bachelor of Arts. 
As I believe, that, Learning and Development is an integral part
of our lives and before we teach or preach others, we ourselves
must be practicing the same, and so, under the certification
title Entrepreneurship Skill Development (IIT Patna) Program,
I have learnt Unleashing Entrepreneurship by calculating and
understanding Present scenario, Entrepreneurship Importance,
Need & practice, business Opportunity Identification : Source
of information, How to set up MSME( Gov. formalities, rules &
regulations etc.), Selecting Potential Entrepreneurs :Rationale for
selection, Financial Management in MSME, Problem Solving and
Decision making
How to assess Pre-feasibility to project through Market Survey,
Ecosystem available for promoting Entrepreneurship, Stress
Management session.
Science of Well - Being where the learning of how to be happier
through some energy work is very prominently grasped, like, I now
have belief that, 40% of our happiness is under our control( that is
not determined by genetics or life circumstances),  that, we often
grossly overestimate how much we think something will make us
happy . Humans are incredibly resilient and can adapt to pretty much
anything - whether positive or negative. And, also, that, our minds
don’t think in absolutes -- We judge ourselves and our circumstances
relative to other reference point, even if doing so makes us unhappy
or if it's wildly unrealistic. So, to be really be happy, we need to focus
on following for being happy by daily practicing, Savoring, Gratitude,
Kindness, Social Connection, Flowing, Meditation, Exercise, Good
Sleep, Auxiliary happiness interventions, using your signature
strengths and by setting better goal.
I have been providing Volunteer Coordination Services to various
organizations and NGOs with having my access to Community
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Relations. Also, in the segment of Marketing and Media Research,
I have learnt a few methods including Strategic Marketing planning,
Social Media Management, Market Research and Researched
national competitors in the company's market segment and compiled
profiles that improved competitive advantage and also have Created
a comprehensive advertising strategy for clients of various sorts by
analyzing the media effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
The data is the new oil of the world not to be left behind I have
armed my self with HR Analytics certification from University of
California
Experience
Quantum Morphosis 
CMO – Quantum Morphosis 
May 2023 - Present (11 months)
India
I come up with around 16 years of work experience in IT, Marketing and HR,
with having Educational Qualification as MBA and Bachelor of Information
Technology, and BA. 
I have been providing Volunteer Coordination Services to various
organizations and NGOs with having my access to Community Relations.
In the segment of Marketing and Media Research, I have learnt a few methods
including Strategic Marketing planning, Social Media Management, Market
Research and Researched national competitors in the company's market
segment and compiled profiles that improved competitive advantage and also
have Created a comprehensive advertising strategy for clients of various sorts
by analyzing the media effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
As I believe, that, Learning and Development is an integral part of our lives
and before we teach or preach others, we ourselves must be practicing the
same, and so, under the certification title Entrepreneurship Skill Development
(IIT Patna) Program, I have learnt Unleashing Entrepreneurship by calculating
and understanding Present scenario, Entrepreneurship Importance, Need &
practice, business Opportunity Identification : Source of information, How to
set up MSME( Gov. formalities, rules & regulations etc), Selecting Potential
Entrepreneurs :Rationale for selection, Financial Management in MSME,
Problem Solving and Decision making. 
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Again my ideology is synching so very well with the term Quantum Morphosis –
the brand name of our company so very well by unbridling learning of Science
of Well - Being where the learning of how to be happier through some energy
work is very prominently grasped. I have exposures in various industries like
Information Technology, Manufacturing and Assessment Industry and I am
now a persona ready to revere the world of Global Education Segment through
my endeavors and learning.
RichMinds Digital Pvt Ltd
2 years 4 months
Manager, HR & Admin
December 2022 - May 2023 (6 months)
India
Human Resource Generalist
February 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 11 months)
India
JACKSON, noida
Management Information System Executive
February 2021 - March 2021 (2 months)
India
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/meera-iyer-
a495a627 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Technologist
User Adoption
Oracle E-Business Suite
Languages
English,Hindi,Tamil,Telegu, kannada
Meera Iyer
President and CEO - Raise Global
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Dr.Meera Venkat (www.meeravenkat.com) is the President& CEO
of RAISE GLOBAL, unique research based reputation consulting
firm, which works with the C Level Executives.  She was also
the founder of WeLEED (Women Leadership Empowerment and
Entrepreneurship Development) Trust based out of Bangalore.
She has been awarded the “Business Excellence Award – 2016”
by Future of India and CNBC and also “The Best Women Achiever
Award” for the year 2013 by PRI. Recently she has been appointed
as the Chairperson for IICCI- Indo Importer Chamber of commerce
and Industry, Karnataka.  She is also the Chairman of ISTD(Indian
Society of Training and Development), Bangalore Chapter and
Executive committee member of NIQR.   She is a seasoned value-
creator, growth and innovation professional with experience rating
and deploying new business models, expanding business into new
markets, and Launching new businesses and also a dynamic advisor
to various corportes. She is well known industry figure with the CXO
Level circles.
Dr.Meera is a regular commentator on reputation, digital strategist
and specialist in reputation research, recently being featured as a
speaker on many events and conferences. Her knowledge around
reputation has helped clients maximize the impact, creativity and
effectiveness of communications for their businesses and brands.
Prior to jointly founding Raise , she held senior -level positions at
a number of respected Corporate. She also heads WE LEAD –
Women Leadership Development and does a lot of work related
to women, like women in the boardroom, women empowerment,
corporate responsibility and leadership development.
She has also been advisor for Government of India initiatives in
Education and Technology. She has initiated the Chamber group
for CEO, CIO, CFO, CPO, CMO, CHRO and Women Leaders and
Entrepreneurs, for collective thinking on improving businesses. 
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Experience
RAISE GLOBAL
President and CEO
May 2010 - Present (13 years 11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
SCT
Director and CIO
July 2009 - Present (14 years 9 months)
Oracle
User Adoption Service Consulting
2006 - 2009 (3 years)
Education
University of Madras
Bachelor's Degree  · (1993 - 1997)
 
Page 2 of 2
