CEO/Vijay T. Wankhede.txt CEO/Amit Borse.txt CEO/Rachit Bhoirkar.txt CEO/Sadhana Kajalepatil.txt CEO/Ambika T..txt CEO/Shivanand Rao.txt CEO/RC Kamath.txt CEO/Nagaraja S.txt CEO/Aravind Gajjela.txt CEO/Ravi M.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-t-
wankhede-b257445a (LinkedIn)
www.vertoengg.com (Company)
Top Skills
Electrical Engineering
Transformer
Renewable Energy
Languages
Marathi
English
Hindi
Vijay T. Wankhede
Founder CEO at traafobazaar.com & VERTO Engineering
Corporation
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Visionary and result oriented professional with 20 plus years of
experience in achieving sustained revenue , EBITDA  & Business
Growth objectives in dynamic & changing markets.
In last total 20 years experience, 6 years in Design & Development
or R&D in Transformer & Welding Equipment, 2 years as regional
Manager - West / Export Manager & 6 years as Western Head
as well as Central Marketing Head & now 6 plus years as CEO &
Managing Partner / Designated Partner in Electrical Products like
Distribution & special Transformers, Reactors etc..
Mentoring a team of 25 plus members with a innovation &
entrepreneurship.
In FY14 Rakesh was having turn over of INR 3 Cr, achieved the
sales turn over of more than INR 22 Cr in FY 18
Proven skills in incubating / start up new businesses in competitive
markets.
Experience
traafobazaar LLP
Founder CEO
December 2022 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
https://www.traafobazaar.com/
VERTO Engineering Corporation
Entrepreneur
May 2014 - Present (9 years 11 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Transformers, Reactors and HT/LT equipments overhauling, servicing, AMC,
On-site services, spares , on rent. 
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Manufacturering of Air core reactors, chokes, Inductors , special application
Transformers like isolation transformer, ultra isolation transformers, servo
stabilizers, consultancy, design services. Machine breakdown and Loss of
Profit Insurance.
Rakesh Transformer 
CEO & Managing Partner 
May 2014 - September 2020 (6 years 5 months)
Pune Area, India
• I have joined in Rakesh as CEO &Managing Partner in 2014.  The Turn
over of  Rakesh was INR 30 Mn. In the next two years Rakesh has grown to
two folds and we jointly started Rebus Industries LLP and the Turn over has
increased in multifold INR 230 Mn (USD 3.3 Mn) by FY18.
• Set up a Green Field Project “Rebus Industries LLP”
• The ultimate objective is to achieve better Business results in terms of Sales,
Profitability and Growth. 
• Customer satisfaction and repeat orders could be the key for success in the
long run.
• Work towards optimization of resources, standardization, implementation of
operational excellence and best practices.
• Creating Leaders,  Team Development & Team Management
• Major contribution in Purchase, Sales & Marketing & design to keep the
margins intact.
• Worked in Industry Segment in Maharashtra , Goa, MP etc. The type of
Transformers are  Distribution, Power, Furnace, Converter and special
application Transformers oil filled as well as dry type, Compact substation etc.
• Total  17 designs successfully type tested in last two years.
• Business Strategy to increase Sales & Brand building of “Rakesh”, 
• Supplied Transformers in Tanzania, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Abu Dhabi etc.
Raychem RPG (P) Ltd.
Divisional Manager - Central Marketing Head 
August 2008 - April 2014 (5 years 9 months)
PUNE
• Raychem RPG – Transformer divisions started in 2007, strategically orders
started from Industry Segment all over India. The type of Transformer are
Distribution, Power, Furnace, Converter and special application Transformers
oil filled as well as dry type, Compact substation etc.
• Keep the Margins In tact by giving the best & final prices to the sales team.
• Major Contribution in increasing the sales from USD2 Mn to USD 15 Mn 
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
• Marketing & branding of Transformers all over India by taking conferences,
Road Show for various consultants, contractors, Dealers & OEMS
• Have Headed the International Business Division for more than six months. 
• Business development in African continents.
• Participation in ELECRAMA &other such Events in India & Abroad
Universal Power Transformers Private Limited
Branch Manager & Export Manager
August 2006 - August 2008 (2 years 1 month)
Pune Area, India
• Marketing of  various type of industrial electrical products like Distribution,
Power, Furnace, Converter and special application Transformers oil filled as
well as dry type, Medium Voltage Switchgear, Compact substation etc
• Major Contribution in increasing the sales from INR 15 Mn to INR 150 Mn in
less than two years. 
• Heading the region and fully responsible for meeting the Sales, Order
booking& collection targets set by the top management.
• Headed the International Business Division for more than six months , Visited
Qatar (Doha), Bahrain& Oman (Muscat) for the business developments. 
Emco Ltd
Dy Manager Design
April 2004 - July 2006 (2 years 4 months)
JALGAON
To make the Electrical design of all special types of transformer. Attend
the Technical Discussions with the Customer, Sometimes to take Drawing
Approval from customers. Checking of design on RUSSIAN SOFTWARE
“REST” FOR SHORT-CIRCUIT strength of the transformer.
• Checking the Electrical design, solve the problems on the shop floor, and
give the training to engineers as well as workers.
• Checking of the Costing sheet and decide the price.
• Designed oil filled transformer
o up to and including 20MVA voltage class 66KV
o Various types of designs like Converter Duty, Inverter Duty, Submerged Arc /
Arc / Ladle Arc Furnace transformers from the range of 2.5MVA to 12.5MVA
up to &including 33KV voltage Class.  
• Standardization of designs
Ador Welding Ltd.
Assistant Manager Research Development
May 2003 - October 2004 (1 year 6 months)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Pune Area, India
• Research and development for new welding machines. For the same, make
the Prototype, test it, check all parameters, And welding performance, make it
more user Friendly. 
• Developed RED-401 and RED-501 AC Arc welding Machines commercially
successfully.
• Development of MAXIMIG-300 MIG Welding Machine.
• Developed MAXIMIG-251 AUTO CD MIG Welding Machine commercially     
successfully
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LTD.
Engineer Design - Transformers 
February 2000 - April 2003 (3 years 3 months)
Pune Area, India
• Designed oil filled transformer up to and including 10MVA, 33KV class.,
Designed 3.5MVA, 11/0.1-0.1 Kv converter duty transformer
Designed 5MVA 11/3.3KV with off-Ckt. tap links dry type cast resin
transformer.
• Also having exposure of Dry type cast resin transformer (CRT), As the
Kirloskar Power Equipments Ltd. is the leading CRT manufacturer in India. 
• Checking of Mechanical Drawings (G.A. + R&D plate+ Fabrication + Yoke
clamp drg. Etc.). Sometimes made Customer Drawings (G.A. and R&D plate
drg).
Education
College of Engineering Pune
BE, Electrical engineering · (1995 - 1999)
Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow
Management Programme, MDP · (2010 - 2011)
JAI HIND ET'S ZULAL BHILAJIRAO PATIL COLLEGE, DHULE.
HSC, Engineering Science · (1993 - 1995)
J R City High School Dhule
SSC, Science · (1988 - 1993)
Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amit-
borse-41191123 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
ASP.NET
Java
XML
Amit Borse
CEO at Mesu Solutions
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Mesu Solutions. Pvt. Ltd.
CEO
September 2014 - Present (9 years 7 months)
I am responsible for leading the development and execution of the Company’s
long term strategy. The  role also entails being ultimately responsible for all
day-to-day management decisions and for implementing the Company’s long
and short term plans.
Addison Health Systems, Inc.
Sr. Software Developer Analyst
September 2010 - September 2014 (4 years 1 month)
Addison
I was a full-stack developer in Addison Health System. I used to code over
debug, maintain, and support.   Some of the duties are: 
Presenting ideas for system improvements, including cost proposals
Working closely with analysts, designers and staff
Producing detailed specifications and writing the programmer codes.
Testing the product in controlled, real situations before going live
Assist in troubleshooting software application issues.
Assist in managing an outsource relationship for 3rd party application
development.
Produce technical documentation for new and existing applications.
Education
Texas Tech University - Rawls College of Business
MSBA-MIS, Computer Engineering · (2008 - 2010)
Maharashtra Institute of Technology
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Engineering · (2003 - 2007)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
rachit@eranext.in
www.linkedin.com/in/rachit-bhoirkar
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Innovation Development
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Team Management
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
Certifications
Ethical Hacking
CISCO Certified Network Associate
Linux Administration
Rachit Bhoirkar
Founder & CEO at EraNext | Entrepreneur | Mentor
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Rachit is an Experienced Leader with expertise in IT Infrastructure
Management, Strategies Development, Technology Solutions and
Architecture Development, Technical Security Auditing,  Software
Development, Cloud Technologies, Sales & Marketing in multiple
Product and Service based industries. 
Started his career in a very early age to experience the industry.
He has always been keen to learn and know about the new
technologies. He has always been focused on creating technologies
that can help humans. And hence, EraNext was born.
EraNext is a company that aims to develop and refine C-V2X
technology in the upcoming years where Technologies for "Vehicles"
and Technologies for "Everything" both will be designed and
manufactured by EraNext. We here believe in a Connected World
and being Connected can keep you SAFE.
#Stay_Connected_Stay_Safe #EraNext #AI
Experience
Eranext Auto Private Limited
Founder & CEO
October 2020 - Present (3 years 6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Eranext AI Private Limited (OPC)
Founder/CEO
July 2019 - Present (4 years 9 months)
Clairvoyant LLC
Technology Architect and Manager
June 2018 - August 2019 (1 year 3 months)
Pune Area, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Credence Resource Management, LLC
3 years 6 months
Senior Systems Engineer
August 2017 - February 2018 (7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Systems Engineer
September 2014 - February 2018 (3 years 6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Global Tech Solutions
Systems Engineer
January 2013 - July 2014 (1 year 7 months)
Pune Area, India
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, Computer/Information Technology
Administration and Management · (2013 - 2016)
Rajarambapu Institute of Technology, Lohegaon, Pune
Diploma in Information Technology, Information Technology · (2010 - 2013)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sadhana-
kajalepatil-30a6a423 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Customer Service
Microsoft Office
Performance Management
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Dploma Cyber Law
Sadhana Kajalepatil
Founder Director & CEO
Summary
Has a rich experience in various aspects of software development,
hands-on experience in leading IT strategy, design, implementation
and management of high-performance, highly redundant and
resilient IT infrastructure solutions and services.
Strong track record of success in managing complete IT
infrastructure and operations. Proven ability to bring the benefits of
IT to solve business challenges, while managing costs and risks.
A full understanding / knowledge of global connectivity /systems
and configurations, as well as the required skill sets to effectively
communicate with business naturally has led to she being the
Founder of Sardonyx Softech.
Experience
Sardonyx Infosoft LLP
Founding Director & CEO
November 2014 - Present (9 years 5 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
> Led 25 developers to establish client's ERP system; identified in cost
savings, and secured.
> analysts to vice presidents, and collaborated with business development,
data analysis, operations and marketing.
> Co-led task force to realize annual savings; analyzed large sets of data to
improve fixed and variable cost inputs and recommended additional invoice
validation measures. 
> Managed a process re-engineering project to improve and consolidate end-
to-end service processes; restructured. 
> communication flow among 10 departments, and cut down paperwork.
> Reduced development costs by creating a plan to merge related products
into one, more streamlined product.
> Designed and facilitated 2- 3-day design thinking workshops for 3 senior
executives to identify and prioritize.
> opportunities to enter in digitalized market.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
> Mentored a group of Business Analysts on the organizations evolving
approach to requirements management and best practice.
> Elicit project relevant requirements and business rules using various
techniques (interviews, workshops, brainstorming, questionnaires). 
> Lead sessions with executive sponsors and business stakeholders.
Advanced facilitation techniques and skills.
> Organize and document requirements in accordance with industry standards
(Vision, Business Requirements Document, Use Case, Product Backlog, User
Story). Perform business process modeling and process re-engineering.
> Participate in peer review session and provide feedback to colleague.
Organize requirements for reuse in other initiatives.
> Manage the review and approval of requirements with project team members
and stakeholders. Control, analyze and communicate approved changes to
requirements through the software development life cycle.
> Communicate effectively with IT and business teams >Review test plan &
cases prior to testing.
> Lead team of business analysts. Guide and mentor business analysts and
other team members.
>IT Strategic planning: Solutions
Sardonyx Softech
Founding Director & CEO
February 2012 - November 2014 (2 years 10 months)
> Passion for being the voice of the business and a proven track-record
building effective solutions.
> Designed and tested the application and proposed both business and
technology solutions to improve process efficiency.
> Possess good critical thinking skills and initiative to investigate and resolve
issues with minimal supervision.
> Work effectively in a team, supporting other team members in achieving
objectives. 
> Experience with increasing responsibilities in one more of the following
areas, with demonstrated progression of responsibilities.
> Demonstrated experience of working with and delivering outcomes for both
infrastructure and systems projects.
> Demonstrated experience in leading and managing projects.
> Demonstrated project management skills and project management software
skills, including planning, organizing, and managing resources. 
> Experience effectively identifying requirements for web based and ERP
applications. 
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
> Experience effectively identifying requirements for infrastructure projects in
support of security, data solutions, and telecommunications. 
> Solid experience in gathering and documenting business requirements.
> Willingness to put in the time required to complete tasks on time. 
> Understand business needs/requirements and translate that understanding
into a form that leads to the creation and/or composition of better process and/
or technology solutions in the Sales, Distribution and Trading space, always
aligned with the Global template. 
> Guide business customers through business case development for new
applications/functionality, including cost / benefit analysis and risk / impact
analysis.
> Provide test plans, test cases, perform functional testing and ensure proper
user acceptance testing. 
> Support, test, and enhance moderately complex information systems
and develop adequate error management functionality within assigned
applications.
> Provide new user training on supported applications.
3WD Soft
Assistant Managing Director
February 2012 - November 2013 (1 year 10 months)
> To build HR policies, management strategies.
> Business analysis & creating IT infrastructure.
> Building business plans as per need of company.
Intelux Electronics Pvt. Ltd.
HR Management Trainee
June 2011 - January 2012 (8 months)
Maintaining Industrial Relations, Technical adviser, Legal Aspects.To
coordinating & maintaining the data of MIS report & MOM report. Arrangement
of Training & Development Programs.
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Human Resources Management/
Personnel Administration, General · (2009 - 2011)
University Pune, SIMIR
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
MBA, PGDBM (IT), Human Resources Management/Personnel Administration,
General · (2009 - 2011)
University of Mumbai
Diploma Cyber Law  · (2009 - 2009)
University of Pune
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.), Physics, Maths, Stat.
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ambika-
t-9a657799 (LinkedIn)
pixelmeta.co.in/ (Company)
pixelmeta.co.in/ (Blog)
Top Skills
Social Media
Marketing
Digital Marketing
Languages
English
Hindi
Ambika T.
Founder - CEO I Marketer
Delhi, India
Summary
* 10+ years of fast paced entrepreneurship, e-commerce, marketing
and strategy consulting experience
*Worked with more than 100+ global brands in their growth,
marketing and digital transformation
* Constantly innovating new ideas and next generation technologies
and leading them to completion in the digital space
* Consistently produced outstanding results through in-depth
research and analysis, development of strong teams, and
establishment of customer relationships
* Strong analytical, quantitative and problem solving skills with a
persistent focus on end business results
Specialties: E-commerce strategy, Mobile strategy, Web Analytics,
Web 2.0, Search Engine Optimisation, Search Engine Marketing,
Data driven approach to internet marketing, Branding
Experience
PixelMeta Corporations
Founder
June 2022 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Education
CCS University Meerut
Bachelor’s Degree, BCA · (2008 - 2011)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
shivanandr@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/shivanand-
rao-59b9691b (LinkedIn)
trailhead.salesforce.com/en/
me/00550000007QUv2AAG
(Other)
Top Skills
Salesforce.com Consulting
Salesforce Lightning
Salesforce Sales Cloud
Languages
Hindi
Marathi
Kannada
Telugu
English
Certifications
marketing-cloud-social-specialist-
certification-maintenance-spring-17
Salesforce Platform Basics Badge
Salesforce Platform Basics Badge
Superbadge Security Specialist
Lightning Experience Basics Badge
Shivanand Rao
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at SRCloudWare / Investor
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Congratulations, Shivanand! One of the top 5% LinkedIn profiles for
2012 views belongs to you!
Ranger - Salesforce - Trailhead Congratulations!You've reached the
very top rank.
• Salesforce Lightning, Apex, Visual Force, and SFDC expert
• Proven track record of leadership, change management, project
delivery, scoping, and techno-functional managerial experience in
the SFDC CRM domain.
• A goal-oriented, results-driven individual with the ability to
collaborate across diverse regions and a reputation for high-quality
output. 
• Analyses end-to-end dependencies quickly when mapping
requirements to design and execution in SFDC Projects.
• In various roles, I've designed and delivered dozens of SFDC big
project implementations for businesses of varying sizes.
Experience
SRCloudWare
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
2019 - Present (5 years)
India
SRCloudWare is a Cloud Solution Expert company. Specialized in consulting,
End-End Implementation of Salesforce, CPQ, Vlocity Projects.
You can find more information here :  https://www.srcloudware.com
SIXT Research & Development India
Engineering Manager
2018 - 2019 (1 year)
Bangalore
About SIXT:
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Sixt was founded by Martin Sixt in 1912 Munich, Germany and started out
with a fleet of just three vehicles. With over 100 years in the business, Sixt has
earned a trusted reputation as a global leading car rental provider. Today they
are present in over 105 countries with branches in over 5000 locations. Sixt
car rental services are available internationally, in almost every major city and
tourist destination worldwide and at convenient locations such as airports, train
stations, cruise ports, and hotels.
Sixt is Germany’s leading provider of mobility services, and also on a
successful expansion track in Europe and in North America. With revenues
in excess of 2 billion euros and a fleet of 225,000 cars, we have moved into
over 100 different countries worldwide. Sixt is the largest fleet purchaser of
BMW’s internationally. However, does not consider itself a luxury car rental
company but a company with superior service and better cars for everyone at
an exceptional value.
At Sixt, customers are guests. It’s not a rental transaction but an experience
as that of a five-star hotel. Sixt hires service oriented individuals, free to travel,
and open to cultural experiences interacting with customers and colleagues
from many diverse backgrounds.  Sixt is more than just cars, we have a
passion for style, technology, innovation, creativity and entrepreneurial spirit.
About SIXT Research & Development:
Sixt Research & Development India endeavours to offer innovative mobility
solutions to our members in over 100 countries. 
SRCloudWare
Founder & Managing Director
February 2017 - October 2018 (1 year 9 months)
India
SRCloudWare is a Cloud Solution Expert company. Specialized in consulting,
End-End Implementation of Salesforce, CPQ, Vlocity Projects.
You can find more information here :  https://www.srcloudware.com
J.P. Morgan
Vice President, Global Technology
2016 - 2017 (1 year)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
India
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm
with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in
investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses,
commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management.
A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's
most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P.
Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is
available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
Schneider Electric
5 years
Assistant General Manager - SFDC Platform Technical Architect
2015 - 2016 (1 year)
-   Define and implement governing processes based on Salesforce best
practices for "Configuration Management","Continues Engineering", "Incident
Management with MCS"
-   Work with enterprise and domain architects as needed to evolve strategies,
policies, processes and procedures,blueprints and standards related to sales
force platform, components and protocols.
-   Develop and maintain formal strategies, sourcing guidance, technical
standards, blueprints, reference architectures, architecture patterns and
technology road-maps for Schneider electric front office applications
-   Design flexible, scalable and robust state-of-the-art architecture for
Customer Relationship Management to meet the dynamic needs using
Salesforce: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, force.com
-   Present architecture options and recommendations including configuration
vs. customization the use of salesforce.com standard features
-   Conceptualize, present, and execute ideas with particular emphasis on
serving as a technical lead on development projects with on-shore and off-
shore components, or a team lead or architect across multiple software
development projects or workstreams
-   Serve as the bridge between the functional analysts and the technical
developers to transform and develop new requirements into designs,
development approaches and implementation
-   Drive adoption of development methodology best practices across the
Global Delivery and Solution Teams
-   Evangelize and facilitate the Salesforce platform and eco-system across the
organization
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Identify problem areas (process and technical) and recommend solutions
-   Conduct industry and market research. Maintain a working knowledge of
technologies and general themes in assigned areas. Engage agency subject
matter experts
Principal Consultant - SFDC / Architect- SFDC CRM Solutions /
Applications Manager
2011 - 2015 (4 years)
Bangalore
-  Played a different role as a Lead Technical Solutions Architect, Applications
Manager, Principal Consultant – SFDC
-  Managing complex global business environment and interact with senior
leaders across geographies.
-   Solution Architect connectors between SFDC and BOX , SAP, Intouch via
Middleware (Cordys, edifixio),
-   Conduct business requirement & prototyping workshops with business
users to support tailoring of Salesforce.com applications and provide
consultancy.
-   Define system landscape, to identify gaps between current and desired end-
states, and deliver a CRM solution
-   Frequent travels to Europe for requirement gathering and schedule CRP,
UAT sessions.
-   Provide SFDC Project estimate.
-   Recommend Schneider for some project to converted Sales force Licence to
Force.com Licence to reduce the cost.
-   Suggest some of Schneider Project to use communities (Customer &
Partner Communities).
-   Design various complex Schneider process on Force.com platform.
-   Coordinate between Europe ,US and India team on various stages of
projects
-   Create a technical design for the requirements in the project.
Adobe Systems
SFDC Analyst
September 2010 - October 2011 (1 year 2 months)
Sunovaa Tech.
Technical Lead / SFDC Analyst
September 2010 - October 2011 (1 year 2 months)
Wipro Technologies
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Technical Lead
April 2010 - September 2010 (6 months)
THOMSON REUTERS
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
2008 - 2010 (2 years)
SLK
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
2005 - 2008 (3 years)
Education
BE
KVH
10 & 12, 10 & 12
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rc-kamath-
a4190152 (LinkedIn)
orionengineers.co.in (Company)
Top Skills
Machine Tools
Sheet Metal
Metallurgy
Languages
Konkani
English
Kannada
Tulu
Hindi
Japanese
Tamil
RC Kamath
CEO , Orion Engineers
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
I started my career in 1978 with Widia India Ltd (Krupp WIDIA
Germany) and worked there for 16 years in their manufacturing
and hardmetal plant. In my last 3 years at WIDIA, I headed their
manufacturing facility at Bangalore as a senior manager.
As a General Manager, I moved on to Shetron Limited, a specialist in
sheet metal components for food products, beverages, batteries and
other industrial appliances. 
I am currently heading Orion, a precision tool making company
based in India since 1996. We specialize in the design and
manufacture of cutting tools, metal forming tools and wear parts of
Tungsten Carbide and Ceramic materials for our customers. Our
customers are some of the largest names in the Carbide tool making
industry in Asia and Auto manufacturers.
Experience
Orion Engineers
CEO
May 1996 - Present (27 years 11 months)
I am currently heading Orion, a precision tool making company based in
India since 1996. We specialize in the design and manufacture of cutting
tools, metal forming tools and wear parts of Tungsten Carbide and Ceramic
materials for our customers. Our customers are some of the largest names in
the Carbide tool making industry in Asia and Auto manufacturers.
Shetron Limited
General Manager
April 1994 - April 1996 (2 years 1 month)
As a General Manager, I moved on to Shetron Limited, a specialist in sheet
metal components for food products, beverages, batteries and other industrial
appliances.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Kennametal India Ltd
Senior Manager
April 1979 - April 1994 (15 years 1 month)
I started my career in 1978 with Widia India Ltd (Krupp WIDIA Germany) and
worked there for 16 years in their manufacturing and hardmetal plant. In my
last 3 years at WIDIA, I headed their manufacturing facility at Bangalore as a
senior manager.
Education
National Institute of Technology Karnataka
Bachelor's degree, Mechanical Engineering · (1973 - 1978)
s v s high school bantwal
High school s v s high school bantwal  · (1966 - 1971)
svs high school bantwal
Bachelor’s Degree, mechanical engineering · (1961 - 1971)
svs school bantwal
krec surathkal, BTech  Mechanical engineering · (1961 - 1971)
asci hyderabad
management techniques · (1989)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nagaraja-
s-5340a241 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Employee Relations
HR Policies
Talent Acquisition
Languages
Engilish , Hindi and Kannada
Nagaraja S
CEO and Co-founder
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
I prefer to work in challenging enviornment, and preferabally green
field project. I strongly believe in EE  HR approach.  If you want
excellency, we need to empowerment to people. This approach will
give better desired results.
Experience
CEO and Co-founder Scotia HR Solutions, Bangalore 
CEO and Co- founder 
July 2015 - Present (8 years 9 months)
Wipro Infrastructure Engineering
HR Head
January 2010 - March 2015 (5 years 3 months)
Bangalore
I have been working as change agent  in this plant, 35 years old organisaiton ,
has different culture and mindset, it is very challenging to change the mind
set of people in the shopflor. My job is to bring them together and see that ,
the attitude of employees changes towords the organisaiton goals, which will
benefits both employees as well as organisaiton
Doosan  International India Pvt. Ltd.
Head HR
January 2008 - December 2009 (2 years)
Chennai/ Bangalore
Worked as Head HR for two legal entity.And was responsible  for entire HR
and Administration activities of Doosan Infracore, and Doosan  International
India Ltd,  for a period of two years.
Ingersoll india Ltd
Head Human Resources
1996 - 2007 (11 years)
Initially, I worked in Industrial Relations and employee engagement area.
The major focus was to maintain the employee relations and ensure that, no
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
negativity developed amongst the employees. I was part of wage negotiations
team, and signed two settlements with the union.
During my later part of my journey, I moved to compensaiton and benfits
postion  to take care of the all business units. As C & B manager, i was totally
involved in performance management of 400 management employees spread
across India. The biggest challenge was rationalise the benefits across all
business units.
I was also involved in merger and acquistion, I played a key roll in acquiring
one company in Mumbai. I was also instrumental in doing assimilation program
for the acquired company.
Larsen & Toubro
Senior Personnel Officer
1987 - 1996 (9 years)
Bangalore
I was responsible to employee relations, in addition to that ,I was handling lab
our related legal matters before various courts.
Education
Sahyadri college, shimoga
Bachelor of Arts (BA), Economics, political science and
socialogy · (1976 - 1979)
Govt  High School, Anaveri, Shimoga Dt.
Govt High School ,Anavery, Shimoga DT, Generic Course.. · (1967 - 1972)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/aravind-
gajjela-134b9320 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Oracle SCM
Oracle Applications
WIP
Certifications
CPIM – APICS (BSCM, MPR, DSP
exams passed successfully)
Aravind Gajjela
Founder & CEO
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Experienced chief executive officer with a demonstrated history
of working in the information technology and services industry.
Strong entrepreneurship professional skilled in Business Process,
Requirements Analysis, Oracle Database, WIP, and Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Experience
APPIT Software Inc.
CEO
2016 - Present (8 years)
India
APPIT Software Inc.
Click4Learning.com
Director
2016 - Present (8 years)
New York, United States
https://click4learning.com
AVATA
Technology Leader
May 2014 - 2016 (2 years)
Greater Denver Area
VCP Architect
Regal Beloit
IT Manager
May 2013 - May 2015 (2 years 1 month)
NTT Data Corporation
Principal Consultant
May 2011 - April 2013 (2 years)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Intelligroup Europe Ltd
Senior Consultant
January 2010 - April 2011 (1 year 4 months)
Satyam Computer Services Limited
Consultant
June 2002 - January 2006 (3 years 8 months)
Served as SCM primary support contact, managing offshore team, developing
automated order booking solution, period closing, data fixes, and requirement
gathering for reporting requirements
Education
Acharya Nagarjuna University
B.E, Mechanical Engineering · (1998 - 2002)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ravi-
m-605a9561 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business Analysis
Team Management
SQL
Ravi M
Founder & CEO
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Founder & CEO of Stratalycs (Strategy & Analytics) Technologies
Pvt. Ltd, started in 2017 with specialization in Business Intelligence.
Passionate entrepreneur and technologist with more than two
decades of experience in IT industry. Self-learner and keep updated
with all new technologies and changing trends in IT Industry.
We are Subject Matter Experts for below Data & Analytics Platforms
1. MicroStrategy
2. Tableau
3. Power BI
4. R Programming 
5. Alteryx
6. Hadoop
7. SAS
8. RapidMiner
9. SPSS 
https://stratalycs.com/
Experience
STRATALYCS Technologies Private Limited
Founder
December 2017 - Present (6 years 4 months)
Bangalore
 
Page 1 of 1
