CEO/Mahesh Dharmavat.txt CEO/sateeshkumartalupuri.txt CEO/Raghavendra Prasad.txt CEO/Gokulakrishnan Venkatesan.txt CEO/Yasmeen Siddiqui.txt CEO/Prateek Nagras.txt CEO/Pradnya Rekha.txt CEO/Pavithra Prasad.txt CEO/tushar patil.txt CEO/Deekshith MS.txt
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mahesh-
dharmavat-a3a53b211 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Start-up Ventures
Mahesh Dharmavat
Founder & CEO at Stay Invested Pvt Ltd
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Stay Invested Pvt Ltd
Founder & CEO
October 2020 - Present (3 years 6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Equity Mutual Fund PMS
Education
Savitribai Phule Pune University
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
sateeshkumartalupuri (LinkedIn)
hitecharticles.blogspot.com/ (Blog)
Top Skills
Korean
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Sensors
Languages
English
Telugu
Hindi
Korean
Certifications
Project Management Professional
Publications
Reconfigurable VLSI architecture
design for real time image
stabilization
Predicting Hospital Beds Utilization
For COVID-19 In Telangana, India
Sateesh Kumar Talupuri, PMP,
MS-DataScience , PGP-AIML
CEO at DiagnoSmart Private Limited
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Total Experience: 29+ years
* Presently heading the startup company DiagnoSmart Private
Limited as CEO (July, 2017 to Till Now)
* Handled responsibilities as CTO at BlueSilica Technologies, Korea
and ITMagic, Korea which provides advanced mobility solutions.
(May, 2012 to June, 2017 )
* 10+ years of Project Management and Software Development
experience in ITMagic, Seoul, South Korea. It is an esteemed Signal
Processing and Technology company which supports military and
big mobile and consumer electronic companies. (Jan, 2002 to May,
2012)
* 6+ years of Industrial experience  as Senior Engineer in One of
the India’s Premier public sector undertaking NTPC in Control and
Instrumentation Department. (December, 1995 to Jan, 2002)
* 3+ years of experience in Superconductivity and Artificial
Intelligence Laboratories of Central University of Hyderabad.
(June,1992 to December,1995)
I have expertise in following domains and platforms: 
* Digital Signal Processing - Audio,Video and Image signal
processing, Noise Reduction, Image compression,Algorithm
implementation and optimization on resource constraint embedded
platforms. 
* Multimedia Systems: Mpeg4 audio, video
codecs, JPEG,PNG,JPEG2000 Image codecs,
DMB,DVB,networking,streaming,security.
* Mobile Applications: Iphone, Android,Bada,Brew and custom
OS based mobile application related to voice recognition, noise
reduction, database, Camera and Audio, networking and streaming.
* Control Systems: PLCs,microntrollers,process interlocks, data
aquisition related to process industries.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
* Worked on various OS platforms like embedded linux, IOS,
Android, Bada, PrOS, DSP/BIOS, WinCE with coding experience
in various languages like C,C++,Objective C, Java and assembly
related to many RISC and DSP processors.
Specialties: Quick Learner, Good Grasping Skills, Good mentoring
and tutoring skills, Quick understanding of the problems and
resolving them, Good organizer of the Events, Continous learner,
Optimist with positive thinking.
Experience
DiagnoSmart Private Limited
CEO
August 2017 - Present (6 years 8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
DiagnoSmart Private Limited is a startup company providing automation
solutions using the latest technologies like cloud computing and mobility
to healthcare entities. DiagnoSmart is developing products for enhancing
efficiency and productivity of healthcare entities. 
BlueSilica Technologies, Korea
CTO
May 2012 - June 2017 (5 years 2 months)
Gangnam Gu, Seoul, Korea
I am presently working as CTO of BlueSilica Technologies, Korea and in the
process of setting up our entity as unique IP developer/provider for Mobility
and Embedded Systems Market. My role is to choose the direction and
approach for future business needs. Currently my job involves working closely
with a client – a very popular MNC of Korea - on their latest product line. As
head of projects delivery, I work in client’s R&D center along with a small team
of experts. We are optimizing performance of their smart phones line up, by
providing with our technology, which is first time in the world and uniquely
implemented by BlueSilica.
ITMagic Co. Ltd.
Project Manager/Technical Architect (Mobile Applications, Embedded
Systems, DSP)
January 2002 - May 2012 (10 years 5 months)
* Technical Decision Making before taking up the projects
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
* Interactive with clients for getting the requirements and defining the scope of
the project.
* Defining the overall design and structure of the project/product or application.
* Interviewing and recruiting the candidates for the projects when required. 
* Dividing the project into modules and delegating to team members. 
* Mentoring and guiding the team members to handle the modules and
assessing their work. 
* Maintaining Documentation, preparing reports and maintaining SVN version
control systems for project. 
* Coordinating between hardware/systems team and software development
teams. 
* Direct contribution to critical coding modules and framework design
modules. 
Handled full cycle projects related to Mobile Applications on Iphone OS,
Android and Bada OS, involving complex view management, database
management, network interaction, audio, video recording and playing, noise
reduction, face recognition, voice recognition and other signal processing
algorithms. 
Handled full scale projects for big clients for their projects related to DMB
(Digital TV) for their mobile phones, Wireless video and audio monitoring for
their security products using High end ARM and DSP processors. Handled
projects for entertainment products like Karaoke from idea inception stage to
product stage including hardware design, linux porting, bootloading, board
bring up, custom driver development and total application development. 
Worked on developing new algorithms for noise reduction for audio
applications as part of R&D by going through IEEE papers and interacting with
Korean Universities. 
Good hands on experience on mobile applications, Mpeg4 Audio, Video
codecs, assembly coding and architechture specfic optimizations, TI specific
image acceleration and image preprocessing engines, streaming of audio and
video, ARM related memory management, cache management.
NTPC
Senior Engineer (Control and Instrumentation)
December 1995 - January 2002 (6 years 2 months)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Control and Instrumentation R&D, maintenance, PLC programming,
Data acquisition systems, Control and Instrumentation installation and
commissioning of transmitters, sensors, cabling, control cabinets, debugging
and testing of control loops, calibration of all instruments, ISO 9000 family of
quality systems establishment, implementation and monitoring, ISO14000
family of environmental systems establishing, implementation and monitoring,
coordinating quality circles, professional circles and executive clubs within the
organization, software development for process simulators, Turbine, Boiler and
Generator controls
Central University of Hyderabad
Technical Assistant, AI lab and super conductivity lab.
June 1992 - November 1995 (3 years 6 months)
Worked as Technical Assistant in Lab, assisting professors and students in
their projects related to superconductivity, voice recognition systems, artificial
intelligence, robotics.
Education
Deakin University
Master's degree, Data science · (November 2022 - October 2023)
The University of Texas at Austin
Postgraduate Degree, Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning · (January
2020 - September 2021)
Institute of Electronics and Telecommunications
Bachelor's degree, Electronics and Telecommunications · (1992 - 1995)
Government Polytechnic, Hyderabad
Diploma, Electronics and Communication · (1988 - 1992)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
ragzs.h@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/raghavendra-
prasad-3277066b (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Mentoring
Entrepreneurship
Healthcare Management
Languages
HINDI (Professional Working)
KANNADA (Native or Bilingual)
ENGLISH (Full Professional)
TELUGU (Native or Bilingual)
Raghavendra Prasad
Co Founder & CEO
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Empowering patrons to take informed decisions on their medical
conditions though a network of hospitals, people, process and
technology - Bridging Healthcare Globally 
Experience
Idalia Healthcare & BH Hospitals 
Co-Founder & CEO
October 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Bridging affordable and good quality healthcare access by networking of
Hospitals and building specialty and super specialty clinics across tire 2 and 3
cities for out reach screening Programs.
VB Health
Director Global Business 
October 2017 - June 2022 (4 years 9 months)
Bangalore, India
A passionate professional on a path to make an impact in healthcare industry,
ability to think from first principles and solve the complex problems, rate high
on entrepreneurial mark of a different substance ;) with amazing hustling
capabilities and have an instinctive ability to proactively collaborate and
operate with lot of different stake holders and individuals 
Narayana Health
Head Marketing
April 2015 - September 2017 (2 years 6 months)
Bellary, Karnataka, India
Business Development and Operations at a 150 bedded hospital, delivered
consistent growth in revenue - topline MOM through enhancing the clinical
strength and visibility by controlling bottom line.
Key role in 
• Developing in-house and outreach Super specialty Clinics, 
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
• Building the brand for Emergency Services in the region, 
• Enhanced Operational efficiency in patient care and support services
management
• Ensuring all other basic hospital administration responsibilities in line to the
budget for agreed deliverable in P&L.
Revelation and Learning:- 
• Clinical & Non Clinical Operations; 
• Strategic Management; 
• Client acquisition & retention; 
• Finance & Accounting – P&L; 
• Sales & Marketing – Brand management; 
• Human Resource – People Management; 
• Technology –HIS; 
• Patient care services and feedback – Analytics 
• Fleet Management, etc.,
Manipal Hospitals
Head International Marketing
October 2013 - April 2015 (1 year 7 months)
GOA
• Responsible for handling International Patient Care Unit at Manipal Hospitals
Goa and its business development in delivering budgeted revenue 
• Ensuring pre-arrival & post arrival coordination to facilitate the treatment
plans, treatment cost estimation/quotation, VISA invitations and extensions
requirements, FRRO registrations, hospital stay requirements, travel & ticket,
money exchange requirements, SIM Card requirements, post hospital stay
requirements for follow up.
• Ensure international patient quires are addressed within the TAT and assist
the team for tele medicine and skype between international patient and the
hospital doctor.
• Generating and developing business by coordinating with International
referring partners, Liaison office, Medical tourism companies and agents,
International general and travel Insurance companies, Government Schemes
& TPA Companies.
• Accountable for managing an effective, efficient and productive marketing
team by ensuring appropriate structures, systems, process & competencies
are developed & maintained
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
• Formulating various marketing strategies in accordance to corporate policy
and hospital brand for market share, revenue growth and profitability
• Accountable for executing and participating in various healthcare fares,
Conferences, CME’s, Workshops, Round table meets, Camps, Patient
education programs, Life style management programs and health talks
• Planning & conducting CSR (Corporate Social Responsibilities) activities
such as Health Lectures for the Masses, Super Specialty Health Camps for the
society
• Responsible for business development through country specific marketing
activities like ATL & BTL (magazine ads, hordings, radio jingles, news paper
ads and insertions, conducting CMEs, specialized OPDs, trade fares and
conferences)
• Conducting outreach programs in surrounding catchment areas like
campaigns at nearby rural and urban areas apartments and meeting referral
doctors to generate business
GVK EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH INSTITUTE
District Manager Operations
April 2010 - March 2013 (3 years)
• Handled the complete 24X7 day-to-day operations of 3 districts with 48 fleet
(Ambulance) and team size of 200+ Associates spread across 16 talukas.
Looked after the complete day-to-day operations of 48 ambulance spread in
48 different locations
• Carried out mass marketing to create mass awareness about the services by
GVK EMRI 108. 
• Build awareness through various channels like ASHA workers meeting, self-
help groups, community opinion leaders, co-branding activity, wall paintings,
village door-to-door activity, corporate marketing activity, school & colleges
demos, paper insertions, blood donation camps, first aid training programs,
etc.
• Planned & executed the print, online and air media for marketing of 108
brands
• Supervised the marketing & awareness activities, managed on cost
especially on KMPL and medicines, oxygen consumption, concentrated on
the UP time, Cost per KM, Cost per trip, R & M and Fuel cost, Medicines
Purchases, Supply and Logistics
• Managed the emergency partners, closely worked with Medical-DHO
(District Health & Family Welfare Officer), Police-SP & Fire-DFO (District Fire
& Emergency Officer), TV & Print Media (Press), Govt. & Private Hospital
(Sub Centers, PHC, CHC, TLH)  & location to collect relevant information to
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
enhance the process, closing the gaps  and implement strategies for smoother
operations
• Ensured that the accounts are settled on time to the vendors & resolved the
channel conflicts (Ensured 95% on time settlement)
Revelation and Learning:- 
-Business Development   -P & L Management  -Strategic Planning
-Operations Management          -Brand Management   -Sales & Marketing
-Channel Management           -People Management   -Rural Marketing
-Client Acquisition & Retention  -Fleet Management   -Product Promotions
Barclays
Branch Manager
February 2008 - March 2010 (2 years 2 months)
Complete Branch Operations - P & L Management -  Branch Operations, Sales
& Marketing, Credit & Collections 
citifinancial 
Branch Manager
November 2005 - February 2008 (2 years 4 months)
Bellary and Tumkur area India.
Branch Administration:
• Supervised day-to-day activities of Branch related to Personal Loan, SME
Business Loan and Mortgages & Insurance Business
• Responsible for underwriting loans & insurances and approving loans within
specified limits and referring loan applications outside those limits to the credit
team 
• Analyzed the financial status, credit histories, corporate financial statements
& other financial information and property evaluations to determine feasibility of
granting loans
• Looked after the interview, hiring, and training of sales team (team size being
4 CRM’s + DST Team of 12+ for each CRM and 4 DSA’s with a team size of
8+ for sourcing Walk-Ins business)
• Entrusted with the responsibility of overall Vendor Management; managing
cost of acquisition, budgeting, team management and branch expenses control
• Deftly met the sales target with incremental numbers month-on-month basis
P&L Accountability:
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
• Handled the cost management and P&L of the branch, including operations,
product sales, marketing, collections, credit, customer service and security &
safety in accordance with the company's objectives
• Handled a business of worth INR 10 Crores and maintained an average IRR
of 27% and 2.5% PF as they were revenue generator for the branch (Average
ticket from 0.4L to 3L Personal loans and 5L to 25L Business loans handled)
Client Acquisition & Retention
• Accountable for new client acquisition through corporate tie ups & business
development from new and existing clients through cold calling, followed by
client meetings
Education
Tata Institute of Social Sciences
Hospital Administration , Management · (2016 - 2017)
The Oxford college, Bangalore
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing/Marketing Management,
General · (2003 - 2005)
Veerasaiva College
Bachelor of Business Management (B.B.M.), Business, Management,
Marketing, and Related Support Services · (2000 - 2003)
Ex Municipal College
PUC (Plus 2), Business/Commerce, General · (1998 - 2000)
Bala Bharathi, Bellary
SSLC, SSLC · (1998 - 1998)
 
Page 5 of 5
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
ggokulakrishnan (LinkedIn)
www.immerpact.com/ (Company)
Top Skills
Cisco Networking
Web Maintenance
Website Development
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Tamil (Native or Bilingual)
Telugu (Limited Working)
Certifications
PLC, SCADA
JAVA, J2EE
CCNA Networking
Gokulakrishnan Venkatesan
Founder and CEO at IMMERPACT PRIVATE LIMITED
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
>Establishes recruiting requirements by studying organization plans
and objectives; meeting with managers to discuss needs 
>Builds applicant sources by researching and contacting community
services, colleges, employment agencies, recruiters, media, and
internet sites; providing organization information, opportunities, and
benefits; making presentations; maintaining rapport 
>Determines applicant requirements by studying job description and
job qualifications 
>Attracts applicants by placing job advertisements; contacting
recruiters, using newsgroups and job sites. >Determines applicant
qualifications by interviewing applicants; analyzing responses;
verifying references; comparing qualifications to job requirements 
>Arranges management interviews by coordinating schedules;
arranges travel, lodging, and meals; escorting applicant to
interviews; arranging community tours. >Evaluates applicants
by discussing job requirements and applicant qualifications with
managers; interviewing applicants on consistent set of qualifications 
>Manages new employee relocation by determining new employee
requirements; negotiating with movers; arranging temporary
housing providing community introductions. >Improves organization
attractiveness by recommending new policies and practices;
monitoring job offers and compensation practices; emphasizing
benefits and perks. >Manages intern program by conducting
orientations; scheduling rotations and assignments; monitoring intern
job contributions; coaching interns; advising managers on training
and coaching. 
>Avoids legal challenges by understanding current legislation;
enforcing regulations with managers; recommending new
procedures; conducting training. >Updates job knowledge by
participating in educational opportunities reading professional
publications; maintaining personal networks participating in
professional organizations 
>Accomplishes human resources and organization mission by
completing related results as needed.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Experience
IMMERPACT PRIVATE LIMITED
Founder and CEO
August 2018 - Present (5 years 8 months)
Bangalore
vitubocms
Network Engineer
March 2018 - July 2018 (5 months)
bangalore
MARC Consulting
Network Engineer
July 2014 - January 2018 (3 years 7 months)
Coimbatore Area, India
Education
Tagore Institute of Engineering and Technology
Bachelor’s Degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (2010 - 2014)
AVC Polytechnic college
Bachelor’s Degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (2008 - 2011)
Srinivasa Higher Secondary School
High School  · (2003 - 2006)
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/yasmeen-
siddiqui-03a04664 (LinkedIn)
www.shuraa.com (Company)
Top Skills
Online Marketing
HR Policies
Management
Yasmeen Siddiqui
Chief Executive officer
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Formed and managed several establishments under Shuraa Group.
Some of the prominent businesses includes Shuraa Business Set
up / Shuraa Management and consultancy/ Shura technology/ Shura
Advertising Agency / Shuraa properties/ Shuraa hospitality and
Goldstate Hotel. 
Experience
Self-employed
Independent Consultant
March 2023 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Providing Consulting and Development Services to existing businesses and
startups. From branding to marketing. Budget, financial and risk analysis.
Business strategy, research and digital marketing. Human Resources
allocation, recruitment and training. Promoting and rebuilding brands.
Shuraa Group
CEO & Co Founder
October 2008 - November 2022 (14 years 2 months)
Dubai
Shuraa Business Setup
Chief Executive Officer & Co Founder
October 2008 - October 2022 (14 years 1 month)
Shura Advertising
Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder
May 2015 - November 2021 (6 years 7 months)
SKAF HOTELS
Chief Executive Officer
May 2015 - October 2021 (6 years 6 months)
United Arab Emirates
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
SKAF hotel is a part of Shuraa Group. From making the hotel functional from
the ground , handled all day to operations.Managed a team of departmental
managers. implemented and maintained quality service as per the 4 star hotel
standards. Business Strategy, Revenue generation and cost management of
all departments. Recruiting and Training of staff. Constantly improving quality
service and personally engaging with guests for their reviews. Over looking the
smooth running of all departments. 
Education
Azra
Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, Business, Management,
Marketing, and Related Support Services
 
Page 2 of 2
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nagrasprateek
(LinkedIn)
accelerationrobotics.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Robot Operating System
Embedded Systems
Mobile Robotics
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Limited Working)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Sanskrit (Elementary)
Certifications
Programming for Everybody (Getting
Started with Python)
Mechanics of MEMS and NEMS:
Transduction and Related Topics
Image and video processing: From
Mars to Hollywood with a stop at the
hospital
Control of Mobile Robots
Fundamentals of Electrical
Engineering Laboratory
Honors-Awards
EFY Electronics Design Competition
2014
E-Yantra Robotics Competition
E-Yantra Robotics Competition
Technothlon Puzzle Competition
Patents
Automatic Continuous Monitoring
And Control Systems for LPG
Cylinder
Prateek Nagras
CEO | Acceleration Robotics
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Interests in Robotics,ROS(Robot Operating System), Machine
Learning and Embedded Systems.
Experience
Acceleration Robotics
Chief Executive Officer
November 2022 - Present (1 year 5 months)
ISA ACARD Automatic Controls & Robotics Division
Board Member
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Combat Robotics 
Robotics Consultant
September 2021 - Present (2 years 7 months)
Technoyantra
Founder | Robotics Consultant
November 2019 - November 2022 (3 years 1 month)
Pune Area, India
Developing customized robotics applications for projects like but not limited to
autonomous navigation, SLAM, manipulation using ROS, ROS 2.
Honest AgTech
2 years 3 months
Robotics Consultant
July 2022 - October 2022 (4 months)
Senior ROS Developer 
August 2020 - June 2022 (1 year 11 months)
Delft, South Holland, Netherlands
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Robotics and ROS Software development. Custom Navigation Stack
developement. Robot Behaviour Architecture and Design using Behaviour
Trees.
ISA Pune Section
Young Professional Chair
March 2022 - August 2022 (6 months)
RECRUIT ROBOTS
Software Team Lead
November 2021 - June 2022 (8 months)
SIGRA Technologies GmbH
ROS Developer
November 2019 - July 2020 (9 months)
Munich Area, Germany
Developing Sensor Technology and Software using ROS. 
SLAM, GPS, SONAR interfaces, Sensor Fusion, Mapping, Navigation.
PROFACTOR GmbH
Robotics Engineer
November 2018 - November 2019 (1 year 1 month)
Austria
Development of new technologies for Robotics in Industries and for Research.
Activity Recognitions ; Deep Learning ; ROS;
ROS 2; Gazebo; Neural Networks; Object Recognition; Skeleton Tracking
schmiede.one
Robotics Engineer
February 2018 - July 2018 (6 months)
Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Development of autonomous robot for agricultural application.
Using ROS(Robot Operating System) for autonomous navigation, SLAM, path
planning,sensor fusion and image processing.
Fraunhofer IPA
Robotics Intern
August 2017 - November 2017 (4 months)
Stuttgart Area, Germany
Human Robot Interface Development for ROS based Care-O-bot 4.
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Working with the Care-O-bot ROS Stack and the Dialog System and
development of a bridge between ROS C++/Python and Dialog System's Java
engine.
Enhancement of Speech Recognition software.
APS - European Centre for Mechatronic
Robotics Intern
June 2016 - July 2017 (1 year 2 months)
Kreisfreie Stadt Aachen Area, Germany
Interfacing and control of ABB Industrial Robot with ROS.
•   Running applications and simulating ABB IRB 7600 using Robot Operating
System(ROS).
•   Interfacing and control of ABB Industrial Robot with a cyber glove.
.
FH Aachen University of Applied Sciences
Tutor
August 2016 - August 2016 (1 month)
Kreisfreie Stadt Aachen Area, Germany
Robot Operating System(ROS) Summer School, FH Aachen(Germany) 
Supporting students on various projects implemented using ROS.
Technology and Software used: Laser Sensor, Camera, Quadcopter, Robot
Operating System(ROS), Gazebo, Python, C++, Linux 
Campus Component Pvt. Ltd
Intern
May 2012 - August 2012 (4 months)
Pune
Worked on various Embedded Systems and Robotics Projects.
Education
Aachen University of Applied Sciences - FH Aachen
Master of Science (M.S.), Mechatronics, Robotics and Embedded
Systems · (2015 - 2018)
Vishwakarma Institute Of Technology
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech), Instrumentation and Control
Enginnering · (2011 - 2015)
Abasaheb Garware College, Pune
Junior College, Science · (2009 - 2011)
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan
School  · (1996 - 2009)
 
Page 4 of 4
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pradnya-
rekha-18569325 (LinkedIn)
anekalabs.com/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Business Analysis
Requirements Gathering
UML
Certifications
Business Analyst Professional
Program(BAPP) from iBat pune
Project Management Professional
(PMP)
Pradnya Rekha
Founder & CEO at Aneka Labs Pvt. Ltd.
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
As a forward-thinking leader with a passion for increasing the
value of businesses by providing leading solutions. I believe in
fostering a culture of innovation and empowering our team to exceed
expectations. My leadership philosophy revolves around strategic
thinking and proactive decision-making. 
At ANEKA, we operate in diverse business verticals: 
1. Customer Software and Mobile Development 
2. Support (Technical & Non-Technical)
3. E-surveillance (AI-Based electronic surveillance)
Our multifaceted approach allows us to thrive in different industries
and cater to a broad spectrum of client needs.
I am always eager to connect with professionals who discuss
industry trends, explore collaboration opportunities, or simply
exchange insights.
Experience
Aneka Labs Private Limited
Founder & CEO
January 2021 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Aneka is a digital transformation consultancy and software development
company that provides cutting-edge technological solutions, helping
companies and enterprise clients untangle complex issues that always emerge
during their digital evolution journey.
Dexoit Labs Pvt. Ltd.
Founder & CMO
July 2017 - November 2022 (5 years 5 months)
Pune Area, India
designial
CMO at Designial
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
January 2018 - August 2021 (3 years 8 months)
United States
NXG Labs Pvt. Ltd.
Project Manager
2015 - 2017 (2 years)
Pune Area, India
As the project manager, I was responsible to plan, budget, oversee and
document all aspects of the specific projects.  Worked closely with upper
management to make sure that the scope and direction of each project is on
schedule, as well as other departments for support.
Equally contributed for Leadership, Time Management, Math and Budgeting,
Analytical Skills 
ProBytes Software Pvt Ltd
Business Analyst
2014 - 2015 (1 year)
Pune Area, India
Analyzes an organization and business domain (real or hypothetical) and
documents its business & processes or systems, assessing the business
model or its integration with technology.
Worked as liaison between onshore coordinator & offshore development team
to share functional & technical details. 
Cognizant
Business Analyst
June 2012 - September 2013 (1 year 4 months)
Pune Area, India
Worked as a Business analysts for Mobile Solution. 
Creativecrows  Technologies
Business Analyst
May 2011 - May 2012 (1 year 1 month)
Pune Area, India
Developing technical solutions to business problems, begins with defining,
analyzing and documenting requirements. Managing requirements at the
project level, Assisting with the business case.
Education
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
MBA
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Project
Management · (2013 - 2014)
BE E&TC
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Electronics and communication
(E&C) · (2008 - 2011)
PMP Certified (Project Management Professional)
Project Management Certification  
BBAP Cirtified 
Business Analysis in IT 
 
Page 3 of 3
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pavithra-
prasad-3a18735 (LinkedIn)
www.peoplepowerconsultants.com
(Company)
Top Skills
Talent Acquisition
.NET
Benefits Negotiation
Languages
Hindi
Pavithra Prasad
CEO
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Experience
People Power Consultancy-Empowering Careers
CEO
June 2008 - Present (15 years 10 months)
Bangalore
People Power Consultancy  is a 8 Year old venture into Talent Acquisition
and HR services specialized in providing high-end recruitment services in the
Senior Executive Profiles, IT, Non-IT, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology.We
at People Power Consultancy strive to deliver professionals, who possess the
skill set and are highly motivated having the right attitude to excel. We  help
our clients to achieve their business objectives, be it short term or long term.
We always believe in going an extra mile for our clients and cater to our clients
needs in a very short turn around time.We also take care of corporate training
and contract staffing .
Alp Management Consultants
Analyst
2005 - 2007 (2 years)
IT recruitment and client account management
Education
Management Development Institute
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Human Resource · (2004 - 2005)
Mount Carmel College
Master of Business Administration (MBA), HR · (2004 - 2005)
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tushar-
patil-976616225 (LinkedIn)
tushar patil
CEO at Donnish Corp
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Donnish Corp
CEO
 
Page 1 of 1
 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/deekshith-
ms-66158112a (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Team Management
Management
Business Strategy
Deekshith MS
Founder & CEO at Centura Technologies
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Impact through entrepreneurship
Experience
Centura Technologies
CEO
October 2015 - Present (8 years 6 months)
Education
BNM Institute Of Technology
Bachelor's degree, Information Sciene · (2011 - 2015)
 
Page 1 of 1
