 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/achyuta-nand-
chand-57791767 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
App Monetisation
User Acquisition
Remarketing
Languages
Hindi
English
Certifications
Certified: Programmatic Technology
Fundamentals
Native Certified by Verizon Media
Growing Business with Facebook
Achyuta Nand Chand
Fractional CMO | D2C | Fintech
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I have been in digital marketing for the past 8+ years. Contributions
to my former Digital Marketing role, and this field at large, revolve
around my essential digital marketing and brand development
talents. I have developed strong collaboration abilities and fostered
a reputation as a key contributor through customer service and
problem-solving skills. I am a highly experienced biddable media
expert with a proven track record of success in driving results for
businesses of all sizes. I have a deep understanding of the latest
bidding strategies and technologies, and I am passionate about
helping businesses reach their target audiences and achieve their
marketing goals.
Over the years, I've built expertise in user acquisition, performance
marketing, funnel optimization, and branding. Also, I co-founded and
scaled my previous company to a revenue rate of dollars within a
year.
Experience
Mashrise
Co-Founder
April 2019 - Present (5 years)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
CMO Council
Member
September 2023 - Present (7 months)
India
Zingo
Co-Founder
June 2019 - June 2020 (1 year 1 month)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
More than 90k+ registered users (as of May. 31 2021) from over 100+ regions
have made Zingo No. 1 trending video calling app.
Electra Advertising Pvt Ltd
Co-Founder
January 2018 - March 2020 (2 years 3 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
DotC United Group
Publisher Manager
January 2017 - January 2018 (1 year 1 month)
Shanghai, China
Avazu operates multiple leading ad platforms globally including Avazu DSP,
Avazu aNative and Avazu APX.
With offices in Shanghai, Beijing , Amsterdam, Berlin, Hong Kong, Mumbai,
Delhi, Tokyo, Jakarta, Brunei, Los Angeles, Toronto, Buenos Aires and
Brasilia, Avazu is collaborating with the largest international advertising
clients. 
Avazu DSP
- Programmatic Advertising for Advertisers
Avazu DSP was first launched in early 2010. Being an early adaptor in
programmatic advertising, Avazu DSP is committed to provide state-of-the-
art performance marketing solutions to its global clientele. Avazu DSP has
a global coverage of over 20 billion ad impressions daily, and is capable
to process more than 1 million ad requests every second (QPS) with its
proprietary prediction engines.
Avazu aNative
- Monetization for Developers
As a highly customizable ad solution, aNative offers seamless and flexible
app ad integration. aNative offers multiple native ad types to find a maximum
balance between user experience and monetization. With seamless native
ad integration and cutting-edge ad optimization technologies, aNative aims
to bring end users the best experience, and at the same time ensuring
developers to achieve higher eCPM and ARPU for their traffic.
Avazu Private Exchange
- Monetization for Affiliates and Agencies
Avazu Private Exchange (APX), a performance-driven ad platform, was
launched in 2011. With proprietary technologies and top-notch experience
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
in media buying, APX ensures premium offers for publishers and top quality
traffic with solid volumes for direct-response advertisers.
DotC United Group announced that it raised $350 million in Series B round
of funding led by Zeus Entertainment (002354) in June. The round converted
Avazu Inc., previously completely owned by Zeus Entertainment, into a wholly
owned subsidiary company of DotC United Group.
Rtb Demand
Assistant Manager
August 2015 - January 2017 (1 year 6 months)
Banglore 
Coordinate with other Mobile marketing professionals to leverage
relationships, establish best
practices for marketing and advertising and collaborate on a unified RTB
Demand vision in the
mobile space
* For Advertisers: Provide campaign strategy, and deliver performance-tested
creative right where
consumers are looking - their mobile phones
* For Publishers: Offer a wide variety of performance campaigns, plus
competitive payouts and
easy access to all the stats
* Budget and strategy planning, monitoring, analysis and KPI optimization.
* Conceptualization of client’s needs and strategic planning according to 3rd
parties goals.
* Helping with documentation tasks and improving standard processes.
* Sharing campaign with publisher and keep closed eye on publisher traffic
quality.
* User behavior and data insights analyst.
* Campaign optimization on the basis of historical data.
* Follow up with clients for new business opportunity.
* Monitoring and Optimizing campaign in our In-House Platform.
Coal India Limited
Trainee
May 2014 - June 2014 (2 months)
Singrauli
As a trainee, I underwent training on 
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
•Financial Supply Chain Management
•Plant Maintenance
•Quality Management
•Service Management
•Operator Independent Truck Dispatch System
Education
MICA
Post Graduate Certificate Programme in Digital Marketing and
Communication, Digital Communication and Media/Multimedia · (2019 - 2020)
UNITED COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND RESEARCH,
Allahabad
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Information Technology · (2011 - 2015)
 
Page 4 of 4
