 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/doshiamitk
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Consumer insight to Proposition
development
Marketing research – understanding
and application
Marketing and brand strategy
development
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Artificial Intelligence Foundations:
Thinking Machines
Learning Data Science:
Understanding the Basics
Customer Driven Marketing:
Strategies for Profitable Growth
Category Management
PG program - Mobile computing
Publications
W-HEX framework - strategies for
succeeding in the WTO era: Justin
Paul, Chetan Majithia, Amit Doshi &
Akbar Dhanani
Amit Doshi
Chief Marketing Officer at Britannia Industries Limited | ex-CMO,
Lenovo India | FMCG (CPG), IT, Digital
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Marketing and Sales leader with 2 decades of diverse business &
capability building experience in key innovation, brand marketing,
digital, sales and customer development roles
Specialties: Strategic planning, Evangelising initiatives, New to
organization capabilties, Branding & Brand Architecture, Brand
portfolio management, Digital, Social, Innovation, Strategic sales and
channel development, Coaching and Talent development
Experience
Britannia Industries Limited
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
Lenovo
8 years 5 months
Chief Marketing Officer (India and South Asia)
June 2018 - January 2022 (3 years 8 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
I was part of the India Leadership team and the Asia-Pacific Marketing
Leadership Team. 
In my functional role, I was responsible for shaping the growth and equity of
Lenovo's brand portfolio & demand across all lines of business - Consumer
(B2C), Enterprise, Small & Medium Business (SMB) and Tablet. And, for
building a leading-edge marketing organization where our top talent could take
on diverse, wider and bigger roles.
Head Marketing - Consumer PC, Tablet, Digital
September 2013 - May 2018 (4 years 9 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Led Brand Marketing, Digital and E-com/ Performance marketing
responsibilities for the Consumer business in India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh
Contributed to business growth by establishing the Lenovo brand in Tablets
and Smartphones, initiating the digital transformation journey and increasing
Lenovo’s consideration in the PC (laptop) and Tablet category
Britannia Industries Limited
8 years 10 months
Marketing Manager
April 2013 - August 2013 (5 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Led Marketing, Equity creation & Innovation effort in the Health category
('Health for Adults' & 'Kids Nutrition') through a team of Brand Managers.
Portfolio included NutriChoice, Milk Bikis and Innovation program in the Health
space.
britannia.co.in: Britannia is one of India’s leading Food companies and a
leader in the Bakery and Dairy segments in the Indian marketplace. With
revenues well in excess of Rs. 5,000 crores (USD 1 Bn) annually and a
storehouse of power brands, Britannia is also India’s favorite Food Brand.
Britannia was rated as the No. 1 Food Brand in the country by an independent
survey conducted by The Economic Times (Brand Equity Trusted Brands
Survey, 2013).
Group Product Manager
August 2009 - March 2013 (3 years 8 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Group Product Manager – Innovation (January 2010 - May 2010) 
Product Manager – Proactive Health Innovation (August 2009 - December
2009) 
Led the emergence of NutriChoice into a pillar brand for Britannia and its
growth in stature as one of India’s leading health brands across categories.
NutriChoice is today, widely accepted as the future face of Britannia and grew
3X at ~40% CAGR in the period.  
Before moving into my role handling NutriChoice, I worked in an individually
contributing pure-play innovation role for 10 months (Aug’09 to Jun’10) to
launch NutriChoice Diabetic Friendly Essentials (NC DFE) was launched in
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
November, 2010 in record time. NC DFE is India’s first ever range of functional
foods, created especially for people with diabetes and scaled up to a 50 cr.
(USD 10 Mn) turnover in 2 years’ time.
Recognition:
Silver at Effies, 2012 in the Healthcare category
Silver at the Indian Digital Media Awards (IDMA), 2012 in the Best Website
category
Bronze at IDMA, 2012 in the Best Microsite category
Modern Trade
November 2006 - July 2009 (2 years 9 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Responsible for leading the commercial agenda for Britannia with key
customers through a team of Key Account Managers, Trade marketing,
Replenishment and Commercial professionals. Led the strategic agenda and
successfully delivered results across Key Account relationships through the
KAM team: Revenue, Product (Margin) Mix, Category shares and Point of
Purchase deliverables. From FY 2008 to FY 2010, revenue grew by 3X. Led
Britannia One (B1) – Britannia’s ‘One Face to Customer’ corporate agenda that
unified ‘Go to Market’ for Bakery and Dairy businesses. 
Area Sales Manager
November 2004 - October 2006 (2 years)
Chennai Area, India
Managed the sales operations in Chennai City & Suburbs – largest business
territory in terms of business through puts and brand clout (market share) in
India; led a team of Sales Officers, Territory Sales In-charges’ and extended
team of distributors and route salesmen. 
Perfetti Van Melle
Area Sales Manager
June 2003 - October 2004 (1 year 5 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Post my summer internship with Perfetti Van Melle, I was accepted into the
Management Trainee program. Took my first career assignment as Area Sales
Manager of Bangalore City area.
Education
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
SVKM's Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS)
MBA, Management · (2001 - 2003)
Savitribai Phule Pune University
B. Comp. Sc., Computer Science · (1998 - 2001)
DBMS English School, Jamshedpur
I.S.C., Science · (1985 - 1998)
 
Page 4 of 4
