 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amit-
grover-73b72b (LinkedIn)
www.ahataxis.com (Company)
www.nurturetalent.com (Company)
www.gamezy.com (Company)
Top Skills
Marketing
Sales
Finance
Languages
Hindi
English
Publications
Step by Step Guide to
Entrepreneurship - Startup Kit
Amit Grover
Chief Marketing Officer
Prague, Czechia
Summary
Amit Grover is a highly skilled entrepreneurial professional with 18+
years of experience ranging across industries like gaming, travel,
education, startup investments, consumer electronics, paints and
software. 
He was Vice President of Marketing at Gameskraft, India's fastest
growing real money gaming company, with apps like RummyCulture
and Gamezy.
Earlier, he was CEO and Co-founder of AHATaxis.com, India's
largest online car rental booking service for outstation taxis offering
one way fares in India, which was acquired by Ebix, Nasdaq listed
entity. At AHA Taxis, he build a network of 25000 drivers, covering
3000 cities across India, managed by a lean team of 40 and covered
startup journey from inception to raising funds to strategic exit.
Prior to that, he started Nurture Talent Academy - India's 1st institute
for entrepreneurs. He conducted 500 workshops, across 125+ cities
attended by 30000+ students, professionals and startups.
He has also worked with Infosys, Asian Paints, Onida and Mumbai
Angels. He is also a TEDx speaker.
He is an IIT Delhi and IIM Indore graduate. 
Business Expertise: Sales, Marketing, Growth, Product launch,
Problem solving, Strategic partnerships, Business planning,
Customer satisfaction, Leadership, Business networking, Angel
investments and Venture capital, Ecommerce, Digital Marketing
Technology Expertise: Google Ads, Appsflyer, Tableau, Clevertap,
MS Excel, Facebook Ads Manager
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Experience
Stealth Startup
2 years 4 months
Marketing
February 2023 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Prague, Czechia
Chief Marketing Officer
December 2021 - Present (2 years 4 months)
Belgrade, Serbia
Gameskraft
Vice President Marketing
May 2020 - October 2021 (1 year 6 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Gameskraft is a gaming company launched in June 2017 by a group of highly-
experienced tech professionals who are also passionate gamers. Gamezy
(from the house of Gameskraft) is a skill-based real money gaming platform
where you make money while you play. This app takes your passion for sports
one step ahead and engages you in an enthralling experience on your mobile
screen - offerings games like fantasy cricket, rummy, poker, ludo, carrom, pool
and many more.
Roles and responsibilities: Part of the management team that drives the
overall strategy, decisions and execution for the Gamezy brand. Have also led
category management for games like poker, rummy, casual games to drive
user acquisition, growth, onboarding, retention, reactivation, engagement and
monetisation.
AHA Taxis
Founder, CEO
January 2015 - April 2020 (5 years 4 months)
Noida
AHA Taxis (acquired in Dec 2018 by Ebix, Nasdaq listed venture) offers
one way fares for outstation travel, saving cost for travellers and increasing
revenue for drivers. 
Roles and Responsibilities:
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
- conceptualised the idea of solving unique problem of India's ground
transportation sector - double fares for one way trips - using reverse-bidding
technology platform aggregating drivers and customers
- built a team of IIT-IIM founders leading a team of techies, sales and
operations 
- raised 2 rounds of angel investments from Ah Ventures and Lead Angels
- successfully challenged and survived against highly funded global
competitors
- built relationships across value chain, including Makemytrip, Easemytrip,
Ixigo and Booking
Nurture Talent Academy - Sold to Chatur Ideas in 2016
Founder, CEO
January 2010 - December 2014 (5 years)
Nurture Talent Academy is India's 1st institute for entrepreneurs. Our objective
is to support and mentor entrepreneurs, with the aim of enabling the start of
1000 companies, which will generate 20000 jobs for the nation.
Roles and Responsibilities:
- Handled end to end business as a startup - including sales and delivery
- Built educational content for college students using videos and hands on
exercises
- Spend every 3rd day in a new city conducting training workshops
- Tied up with IIM Ahmedabad, IIM Kolkata, IIT Bombay and IIT Delhi among
other institutions
Onida
Special Assistant to Chairman
December 2006 - December 2009 (3 years 1 month)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Mirc Electronics is proud owner of brand Onida and among India's only
surviving consumer electronics company. As part of the Chairman and
Managing Director's office, I got a bird's eye view of all the functions of a large
organisation.
Roles and Responsibilities:
- provided decision making support, analysis and reporting
- new initiatives and investment management
- internal and external stake holder management
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
- handling nation wide sales strategy and execution as Manager - Sales
Planning and Analysis
- target setting and achievement of Onida range of products in India
- conceptualised and executed rewards and recognition program for 200
strong sales team
- acted as bridge between business heads and sales team
Mumbai Angels Network
Member
December 2006 - December 2009 (3 years 1 month)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Mumbai Angels is India's premium network of angel investors. I am proud to be
associated with this group of over 100 investors and entrepreneurs for 3 years
since inception. During that time, we did 25 early stage investments including
mKhoj (now inmobi - funded by KPCB), Apalya (mobile TV venture funded by
IDG - Qualcomm Ventures), Reverse Logistics (funded by Reliance Venture
Asset Management and KPCB), Myntra (funded by IDG-NEA Ventures) and
Cnergyis (funded by Accel Partners).
Roles and Responsibilities:
- scouting for new startups and shortlisting at first level
- coordinate with investment committee for startup investments
- negotiate term sheet, valuation and agreements with startups and angel
investors
- drive both startups and investors towards funding closure
- manage portfolio on behalf of angel investors
Asian Paints
Brand Manager
May 2005 - December 2006 (1 year 8 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Asian Paints is India's largest paints company, with majority market share in
decorative paints for interior and exteriors of homes.
Roles and Responsibilities:
- Handled branding, services portfolio and visual merchandising projects for
Asian Paints
- Travelled across Maharashtra to drive sales, dealer expansion and new
product launches in towns like Pune, Aurangabad, Ahmednagar, Beed, Jalna,
Parbhani, Latur, Osmanabad, Barshi, Baramati and Satara
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
- Doubled the growth of Asian Paints Home Solutions in Pune city
Infosys
Software Engineer
July 2001 - May 2003 (1 year 11 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Infosys Technologies is India's premium software services company.
Roles and Responsibilities:
- Worked across multiple software development projects in Bangalore, Mysore
and Pune.
Education
Indian Institute of Management, Indore
MBA, Sales, Distribution, and Marketing Operations · (June 2003 - March
2005)
Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi
Bachelor of Technology, Mechanical Engineering · (July 1997 - March 2001)
Methodist High School, Kanpur
ISC, Science, Maths · (1995 - 1997)
St Aloysius High School, Kanpur
ICSE, Science, Maths · (April 1984 - March 1995)
 
Page 5 of 5
