 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/amolghate
(LinkedIn)
www.marketbusinessinsights.com/
(Company)
www.vantagemarketresearch.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Consulting
Public Relations
Business Strategy
Amol Ghate
Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) - at Vantage Market Research
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
EMPATHETIC LEADER | DIGITAL INNOVATOR
As a High energy Chief Marketing Officer (CMO). I run marketing
across the globe, which includes business planning, brand,
advertising, events, media buying, communications and market
research for Vantage Market Research and Market Business
Insights. Strategic leader with demonstrated success in recognizing
and maximizing individual, agency and cross-functional team
strengths. With over 8+ years of experience in marketing, Amol
has a proven track record of delivering outstanding results by
developing and executing effective marketing campaigns that
engage customers, build brand awareness, and drive revenue
growth.
As a natural leader and motivator, I built and managed high-
performing marketing teams that have achieved outstanding results
in highly competitive industries. With a deep understanding of
customer behavior and market trends, with an innate ability to
identify untapped opportunities and develop innovative marketing
strategies that differentiate brands from their competitors.
With a relentless focus on results and a passion for innovation,
I'm driving force behind some of the most successful marketing
initiatives in recent years. My ability to inspire and motivate teams,
coupled with my deep marketing expertise, make me an invaluable
asset to any organization looking to drive growth and transform their
business through strategic marketing initiatives.
I believe "Marketing is not about selling products or services, it's
about creating value, building relationships, and inspiring change"
Experience
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
MBI Global Research Pvt. Ltd
Manager at Market Business Insights
June 2022 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Vantage Market Research
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
EMPATHETIC LEADER | DIGITAL INNOVATOR
As a High energy Chief Marketing Officer (CMO). I run marketing across the
globe, which includes business planning, brand, advertising, events, media
buying, communications and market research for Vantage Market Research
and Market Business Insights. Strategic leader with demonstrated success
in recognizing and maximizing individual, agency and cross-functional team
strengths. With over 8+ years of experience in marketing, Amol has a proven
track record of delivering outstanding results by developing and executing
effective marketing campaigns that engage customers, build brand awareness,
and drive revenue growth.
As a natural leader and motivator, I built and managed high-performing
marketing teams that have achieved outstanding results in highly competitive
industries. With a deep understanding of customer behavior and market
trends, with an innate ability to identify untapped opportunities and develop
innovative marketing strategies that differentiate brands from their competitors.
With a relentless focus on results and a passion for innovation, I'm driving
force behind some of the most successful marketing initiatives in recent years.
My ability to inspire and motivate teams, coupled with my deep marketing
expertise, make me an invaluable asset to any organization looking to drive
growth and transform their business through strategic marketing initiatives.
I believe "Marketing is not about selling products or services, it's about creating
value, building relationships, and inspiring change"
Zion Market Research
Assistant Manager
August 2017 - July 2022 (5 years)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Education
Pune Institute of Business Management
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Business, Management, Marketing,
and Related Support Services · (2014 - 2016)
 
Page 3 of 3
