 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/arnavs
(LinkedIn)
twitter.com/iArnav_Sharma
(Personal)
Top Skills
Organizational Leadership
Team Building
Marketing
Certifications
Social Media Marketing:
Optimization
Content Marketing: Social Media
The fundamentals of digital
marketing
Branding Foundations
Reputation Risk Management
Honors-Awards
Dell Champion Award and Dell
Services Superstar
Global Top 100 B2B Marketing
Leader
Tech Mahindra Brand Spotlight
World Media Award - Corporate
Influencer
Top 10 Strongest IT Services Brand
2022
Arnav Sharma
Global Head Brand Marketing I Business World and Impact 40
under 40 | Top 100 B2B Marketing Leader and Future B2B CMO by
HotTopics.ht I Ex TCS Dell Wipro
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Summary
I am a dedicated learner, creative thinker, passionate marketer,
and currently leading corporate marketing and brand at Tech
Mahindra managing brand elevation, customer engagement through
strategic brand programs, and thought leadership. Throughout my
career, I have been privileged to contribute to the development of
numerous successful marketing & communication strategies and
purpose driven brand initiatives. My expertise lies in leading dynamic
marketing teams, utilizing creative thinking to drive impactful
business marketing strategies, and leveraging technology with
flawless program execution.
In my current role, I am responsible for the corporate marketing
charter, and have successfully positioned brand Tech Mahindra as
one of the fastest-growing IT Services brands globally. Over the past
three years, the brand has achieved remarkable growth, with a 66%
increase in brand value. It has also made its mark globally, being
ranked among the top 7 brands in terms of strength. I am also part
of the Mahindra Accelerated Leader Track (MALT); a leadership
program for select associates for business leadership positions
across Mahindra Group. 
Prior to joining Tech Mahindra, I held the position of Global Head
of Marketing for Life Sciences and Healthcare Units at TCS. During
my tenure, TCS was re-positioned as a growth and transformation
partner and ranked #1 in HFS Top 10. Additionally, I was responsible
for heading strategic operations for TCS’ Industry Marketing team
and conceptualized the ABM 1.0 program for the company.
Throughout my career, I have accumulated extensive experience
collaborating with top-level executives in fast-paced business
environments. I have been fortunate to work alongside esteemed
senior industry and marketing leaders, who personally mentored me
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
during my tenure at renowned IT services brands like Wipro and Dell
Services.
(Views expressed on LinkedIn are personal)
Experience
Tech Mahindra
Head - Global Brand Marketing 
June 2020 - Present (3 years 10 months)
As the global head for corporate marketing at Tech Mahindra – a USD 6.6Bn
company, Arnav is currently helping in building a world-class marketing
organization and the enabling the buildup of the fastest growing brand in IT
Services. Since 2020, Brand Tech Mahindra has been consistently rated
as one of the 'fastest-growing’ brands by Brand Finance and has grown by
more than 66% to US$3.5 billion with addition of over USD 1.5Bn. Brand Tech
Mahindra has been ranked as Top 7 brands globally in brand strength and has
been rerated from AA- to AA+. In 2023, Tech M was recognized as the fastest
growing in brand value rank globally achieving its highest rank in history. 
At Tech Mahindra, Arnav leads the corporate marketing charter with a
multi-faceted marketing play encompassing; Corporate Marketing Strategy,
Planning and Execution, Global Brand Programs and Campaigns, Brand
Narrative & Value Proposition, Content & Thought Leadership, Design Studio,
Digital Marketing; Corporate Website and Social-Media and CEO Executive
Connects, Brand Integration and Strategic Partnership with World Economic
Forum (WEF), ITSMA and Brand Finance.
Tata Consultancy Services
3 years 2 months
Global Head of Marketing - Life Sciences and Healthcare Businesses
May 2019 - June 2020 (1 year 2 months)
Leading Marketing Strategy, Branding and Communication for TCS's Life
Sciences and Healthcare Business - one of the fastest growing business
at TCS. Responsible for the overall marketing function and enablers
including Brand Positioning, Analyst Relations, Thought Leadership, Event
Management, Account Based Marketing for marquee relationships, Product
and Services Marketing, Sales Enablement, Digital and Integrated Campaigns
- for the business. 
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
TCS Life Sciences was Ranked as the #1 IT services company by HFS Top 10
in 2019-2020. 
Instrumental in curating an “Innovation & Platform driven Growth and
Transformation Positioning” for the business during the three-year tenure -
leading numerous clear leadership positioning with multiple analyst firms,
customer accolades and launching numerous thought leadership initiatives. 
As an additional charge - responsible for conceptualization & execution
of multiple strategic initiatives at TCS - such as Account Based Marketing
Program adopted in FY'20, Annual Planning Concepts & Governance - Ops for
the Industry Marketing Group at TCS.
Global Head of Marketing - Life Sciences Business
May 2017 - April 2019 (2 years)
New Delhi Area, India
Leading Marketing Strategy, Branding and Communication for TCS's Life
Sciences Business.
Dell
Marketing Advisor
October 2013 - March 2017 (3 years 6 months)
Noida Area, India
Dell Services was the pure play Services BU of Dell Inc. with annual revenue
over $3 B, and over 30,000 employees worldwide. 
In 2016, NTT DATA acquired Dell Services. As a division of NTT DATA
Corporation, a top 10 global IT services provider with 118,000+ employees in
more than 50 countries. At the time, NTT DATA Services was headquartered
in Plano, Texas, with more than 50,000 professionals worldwide.
Reporting to: Global Head, Oracle and SaaS Practice and responsible for
sales enablement, marketing & communication function for the practice. 
Played a key role in integrating and aligning the marketing function with sales
and business objectives. Instrumental in contextualizing the value proposition
for the practice and amplification of the same through different marketing
enablers. For his contribution at Dell - he has been recognized as a Dell
Champion and a Dell Services Super Star. 
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Wipro Technologies
4 years 4 months
Deputy Manager, Marketing (BPS Service Line)
March 2012 - October 2013 (1 year 8 months)
New Delhi Area, India
Responsible for overall marketing and branding initiative for Wipro BPO
managing the following responsibilities: Sales Enablement, Analyst Relations,
Overall Service line Branding and Positioning, Media Interaction and Corporate
Communication.
During his tenure with the BPS division at Wipro, Arnav was adjudged the
sole winner of the Wipro Digital Contest – competition held at Wipro across its
entire marketing team for value prop design and brand positioning for Wipro
Digital. 
Assistant Manager, Marketing (Healthcare, Life Sciences and Services
SBU) reporting to CEO - HLS
February 2011 - February 2012 (1 year 1 month)
Bangalore
At HLS, Arnav was responsible for managing the HLS C-Level
Communication, Corporate Marketing, Sales Enablement and People
Engagement initiatives while contributing significantly towards conceptualizing
and successfully launching the HLS SBU brand internally. As a key member of
the office of CEO-HLS Business, he also managed strategic communication;
business corp presentations and strategic connects. 
Senior Executive, Marketing (Enterprise Application Services - Part of
Global Business Head's Team)
July 2009 - January 2011 (1 year 7 months)
Bangalore
Event Management, Proactive Demand Generation, Leadership
Communication, Corporate Communication, Brand Management for Flex
Delivery, Client Experience and People Engagement
At EAS as part of his first role Arnav was responsible for conceptualizing
and designing Wipro's winning pitch for Pinnacle awards in both Run SAP
partner of the year and Application Outsourcing partner of the year category
for 2010.  He also played a key part in driving employee branding & internal
communication with launch of internal unit brand to drive one of highest levels
of employeee engagement across the organization. 
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Lee
Summer Intern
April 2008 - May 2008 (2 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Responsible for setting up a benchmarking system to evaluate performance
and rank retail outlets across India. 
Awarded - Letter of Recommendation by Brand Head - Lee India
Education
Carnegie Mellon University - Tepper School of Business
Executive Education, Mahindra Accelerated Leadership Track
(MALT) · (January 2023 - January 2024)
Institute of Management, Nirma University
MBA, Marketing and Operations · (2007 - 2009)
Shaheed Sukhdev College Of Business Studies
BBS, Marketing and Business Studies · (2004 - 2007)
Delhi Public School Noida
Science Stream · (1990 - 2004)
 
Page 5 of 5
