 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/arpita-
dubey-336ab25 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Events
Trend Forecasting
Budgeting & Forecasting
Languages
Hindi
English
Certifications
Digital Marketing Foundations
Creating a Communications Strategy
Social Media Marketing: Strategy
and Optimization
Brand Leadership: Building Brand
and Culture
CMO Foundations: Working with
Leadership and Board-of-Directors
Honors-Awards
Best Forecasting Accuracy
Sales Hero
Marketing Excellence Award - 2017
Marketing Excellence Award 2019
Marketing Leader of the Year 
Arpita Dubey
Brand and Marketing Leader | Inclusion Strategist | Diversity Thought
Leader | Most Influential Brand Leader 2023 & 2024 - CMO Asia
Delhi, India
Summary
Marketing professional with a strong entrepreneurial and strategic
marketing ability developed over 17 years of experience. Key skill
sets include Integrated Marketing, Brand Management, Digital
marketing, Strategic Alliances and People management. Highly
motivated, high energy, self- starter with proven achievements and
experience in the service industry. Marketing approach focused on
'changing the game' and winning in tough business situations.
Experience
Innova Solutions
1 year
Head of Marketing & Communications - India & APAC
October 2023 - Present (6 months)
India
Head of Marketing - India & APAC
April 2023 - November 2023 (8 months)
India
HCLTech
8 years 10 months
Global Head & Director- Brand Engagement (Advertising, Campaigns,
Activations) & Partnerships 
October 2021 - March 2023 (1 year 6 months)
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India
Head - Brand (Emerging Markets), Strategic Marketing
April 2017 - September 2021 (4 years 6 months)
Noida
Global Head - Employer Brand (Strategic Marketing)
June 2014 - March 2017 (2 years 10 months)
Noida Area, India
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
- Designed and executed a strategic marketing approach for building the
employer brand – “ideapreneurship” targeting candidates & employees –
an industry first, achieving overall 300 million impressions (responsible for
planning & execution of all marketing programs across India, US and EU
geographies).
- Developed a 360 degree digital campaign leveraging the strategic tie up
between HCL and Manchester United. The app that was developed garnered
+33K downloads within 3 days of launch.
- Designed & executed the first ever employee advocacy campaign on social
media resulting in >50 million impression and leveraged “tweet chats” as a
channel of engagement.
- Created tangible proof points for Employer brand including a first in class,
Graphic novel appealing to the +100,000 strong Gen Y employee base,
spanning ground events, digital campaign (>26million impressions) &  thematic
film.
Sahara Q Shop
Brand Manager
August 2013 - June 2014 (11 months)
- Responsible for ATL communication for the complete brand portfolio
including TV, Print, Radio and Cinema.
- Led the market research team to understand category / product gaps and
opportunities while working in close coordination with the R&D team on New
Product Development basis Consumer Insights and Market Feedback.
- Successful integration of Q products in the successful TV series ‘Big Boss’
resulting in a month-on-month growth of 35% across Tier 1 cities and 18%
across Tier 2 cities.
Evalueserve
Manager - Consumer Goods Practice
October 2012 - July 2013 (10 months)
Led and managed a group of Business Analysts and Senior Business Analysts
on projects involving strong functional expertise and domain knowledge 
Projects Undertaken
- Led a patent analysis and technology scouting study for a leading UK based
FMCG player to identify the future design trends and threat of substitutes and
also to identify white spaces in the market for new product development.
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
- Managed and led a team of analyst to conduct a Brand P&L and ‘route-to-
market’ study for a detergent brand in India for a US based global FMCG
player.
- Spearheaded study on market assessment, pricing strategy and trade
schemes in the ‘Bottom of Pyramid’ segmentation of the Indian consumer
goods space for an international government organization.
- Redefined a leading hair-care brand’s positioning and strategy since its
inception till acquisition by studying its philosophy, evolution and current
positioning.
Oriflame
Assistant Manager - Catalogue Planning and Forecasting
April 2010 - October 2012 (2 years 7 months)
- Led the India Catalogue Planning and Forecasting team - achieved and
maintained brand profitability/ catalogue margin at 67% and forecast accuracy
of 70%.
- Responsible for identifying product gaps, new product development
and demand planning for ‘Glocal Range’ (contributing to 30% of top line)
comprising of 3 key categories - colour cosmetic, skin care and toiletries. 
- Conceptualized, planned and forecasted promotional activities and offers
including ‘Sales Support Campaigns’ to increase the active sales force.
- Effectively reduced and maintained the size of line (SOL) from 800 to 500
by evaluating sales potential and margin contribution for each product while
retaining relevant products.
Future axiom telecom ltd
Junior Category Manager
July 2006 - March 2010 (3 years 9 months)
Gurgaon, India
- Managed a business of INR 500 million for Sony Ericsson and mobile
accessories from high-sea purchase to retail sales – responsible for increasing
the brand contribution of Sony Ericsson to topline from 6% to 18% within 4
months.
- Improved product range availability to more than 95% and price point match
co-ordination with competition more than 85% at all ranged outlets.
- Responsible for institutional sales for key accounts including Future Bazaar
(e-commerce), Staples and Bazaar Kolkata.
Education
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Pearl Academy of Fashion
B.A. (Hons) in Fashion Design and Technology, Design, Merchandising,
Consumer Behavior, Market Research, Entrepreneur Development,
Production · (2002 - 2005)
City Montessory School, Lucknow
HSC  · (1999 - 2001)
 
Page 4 of 4
