 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
arunpattabhiraman (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Mobile Payments
Customer Lifecycle Management
Consultative Selling
Languages
French (Professional Working)
Telugu (Limited Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Tamil (Native or Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
Most Influential Marketing Leader
True InMobian Award
Publications
China's Thriving On-demand
Economy Offers Lessons For Us All
How the Internet is driving the
connected mind
InMobi App Insight Report
Put Exceptional Digital Experience in
Your Customers' Hands
Apponomics - The Insider's Guide to
a Billion Dollar App Business
Arun Pattabhiraman
CMO @ Sprinklr (NYSE: $CXM) | Former Chief Growth Officer @
Freshworks (NASDAQ: $FRSH)| Former CMO@InMobi | LinkedIn
Power Profile 2017
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Global, C-suite leader in the SaaS and internet space with deep
experience in scaling go-to-market functions at both B2B & B2C
companies. A seasoned entrepreneurial leader, I thrive in fast-
paced, hyper-growth environments that are often characterized by
high levels of ambiguity. I enjoy leading large and complex projects
that deliver on big, hairy, audacious goals for the business. A
staunch believer in Peter Drucker’s timeless wisdom that culture eats
strategy for breakfast, I love building and leading high performance
teams while cultivating a team culture that is built on the bedrock of
humanity, meritocracy  and business impact.
Career Highlights:
1. ~20 years of experience running global GTM teams (marketing,
SDR, business development and ops)at hyper-growth technology
companies across startups, pre-IPO & post-IPO phases.
2. Diverse industry experience including Saas, ad-tech, consumer
internet, media & entertainment, telecom and IT services.
3. Built and led global GTM teams with 60 to 500+ team members
across multiple  geographies, with direct accountability on revenue
and growth.
4. Helped scale revenues through startup, growth, IPO and beyond
at several companies with different levels of GTM maturity: 
* As InMobi CMO, helped scale company from $60Mn to $300Mn+
ARR  over 7 years;
* As Freshworks Chief Growth Officer, scaled from 90 Mn to 500 Mn
ARR over 3.5 years, including helping take the company public in
2021. 
* Currently as Sprinklr CMO, focused on driving profitable growth
as a public company, scaling revenues from 600Mn to 1Bn+ and
beyond.
 
Page 1 of 6
 
 
5. Experience leading GTM strategies within product, marketing, and
sales-led motions, across all business segments : SMB, Mid-Market
& Large enterprises.
6. High integrity leader who is committed to building global, diverse,
high-performance teams that consistently exceed business goals on
the back of trust, empowerment, accountability and recognition.
Accolades:
• "Marketing Maverick"-by World Marketing & Leadership Congress
-2021  
• LinkedIn Power Profile 2017
• "50 Most Influential Global Youth Marketing Leaders" -The Global
Youth Marketing Forum (2018) 
• "Top 50 Brand leaders in Asia"  by CMO Asia (2017)
• “The Most Influential Marketing Leaders” - World Marketing
Congress, (2016)
• Adobe Content100 - the recognition for top 100 content and brand
custodians in India (2017)
Experience
Sprinklr
Chief Marketing Officer
May 2022 - Present (1 year 11 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
As CMO of Sprinklr (NYSE: $CXM), I lead the global marketing, SDR and
inside sales teams at Sprinklr, managing a global team of 250+ spread across
16 countries. Since joining the executive leadership team in May 2022, my
focus has been to transform the marketing & SDR functions to drive profitable
growth for the company.
* Orchestrated a comprehensive restructuring of the marketing department to
drive more specialisation, growth and efficiency.
* Successfully restructured people vs program investments from 70:30
to 40:60 , while growing marketing-sourced revenues to 21.5% of overall
revenues.
* Brought down marketing expenses from 11% to 5.5% of revenues to drive
company profitability.
 
Page 2 of 6
 
 
* Established new functions from the ground up : Customer marketing,
integrated campaigns, field & partner marketing, to name a few..
* Instrumented a new inside sales and inbound SDR function to scale inbound
growth on the back of newly introduced PLG & self-serve motions.
* Scaled category awareness and pipeline growth  by implementing an
integrated GTM strategy that closely aligned  between product, sales,
marketing and customer success teams.
* Currently focused on outbound SDR transformations across people, process
and technology with the aim of further improving productivity and pipeline.
Freshworks
Chief Growth Officer (CGO)
November 2018 - April 2022 (3 years 6 months)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
No mandate could be more challenging and exciting than driving growth at a
unicorn that's already blitz-scaling towards epic growth milestones. My team
and I at Freshworks were tasked with driving this transformational growth
through revenue marketing programs that were crafted to achieve audacious
business goals. I led a global team of 400+ marketing, operations  and sales
development professionals (SDRs/ BDRs), and  had the fortune of driving
several transformations over my tenure there that  played a critical role in
helping Freshworks become the first Indian B2B SaaS company to list on
NASDAQ in September 2021.
- Built several functions from scratch and hired exceptional leaders/SMEs,
assembling a world class team within 6 months of joining the organisation. This
includes marketing technology and operations, content marketing, integrated
campaigns, digital marketing, design, partner marketing, customer marketing
and field marketing teams. Scaled the team from 60 to 300+ marketers in 4
continents and 7 different offices across the world. 
- Built and scaled the sales development (SDR/BDR) team and drove
significant transformation across people, process and technology; Scaled the
SDR Function from 50 to 250+  people across 5 different global locations.
- Completely re-engineered the ad-tech, mar-tech and sales-tech stack to
accelerate growth and build better visibility on pipeline and revenue.
- Consciously crafted a happy, meritocratic and performance-driven culture
that drove one of the lowest attrition rates within the organisation.
- Scaled company revenues on the back of these efforts by more than 4X in
just over 3 years.
 
Page 3 of 6
 
 
Hotstar
CMO & VP- Hotstar International
October 2017 - July 2018 (10 months)
Mumbai
Hotstar is India’s largest premium streaming platform with over 100 Mn
monthly active users. Owned by Star TV and a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox
( and now part of Disney), Hotstar launched in the US & Canada in late 2017,
and expanded into other global markets over the next few months.
I was responsible for driving revenue and subscriber growth for Hotstar in
International markets.
InMobi
6 years 10 months
Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)
July 2015 - October 2017 (2 years 4 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
InMobi is the world’s largest independent mobile advertising platform, and
India’s first Unicorn. I joined the company during its early years and grew
rapidly to assume the role of global CMO in 2015.
Drove all aspects of global marketing spanning branding, corporate
communications, product marketing,demand generation, digital marketing,
marketing research, analytics, design & field marketing. 
Managing a multi-million-dollar marketing budget, I was responsible for
building InMobi's brand & enabling revenues across all global markets
including US, China, EMEA, and APAC
➢Developed and delivered the global marketing strategy for InMobi, and
articulated the value proposition of its mobile advertising solutions for brands,
agencies and mobile-first businesses globally.
➢ Built and retained a world-class team of 30+ global, multicultural, senior
marketing leaders across San Francisco, New York, Beijing, Shanghai,
London, Bangalore, Singapore, and Sydney.
➢ Launched InMobi's new video advertising platform globally - the platform
grew 4X between 2015 & 2016, contributing to over 15% of the company's
total revenues.
 
Page 4 of 6
 
 
➢ Conceptualized and delivered localized marketing campaigns across US,
China and South-East Asia to establish them as the top 3 revenue markets for
InMobi globally.
➢ Delivered many accolades for the business during my tenure, including Fast
Company's 'The most innovative companies' listing in 2016.
Director of Product Marketing
March 2014 - June 2015 (1 year 4 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Drove all aspects of product marketing for InMobi's performance marketing
solutions that contributed to over 70% of global revenues at InMobi. Outside
of leading product launches on the  performance marketing front, I also drove
partnerships between InMobi and top mobile tracking & attribution  platforms
in the industry to drive standardization & enable accurate and independent
tracking for mobile campaigns; Conceptualized and drove co-marketing
initiatives across partners to evangelize the need for robust tracking solutions
to maximize ROI.
Global Head - Developer Marketing
August 2012 - February 2014 (1 year 7 months)
As the global developer marketing lead, I brought to market & drove
penetration for over a dozen developer products on the user acquisition &
monetization front - including but not limited to InMobi Native Ads, Video Ads
& Analytics. Collaborating with global business leaders, I drove key strategic
initiatives and revenue acceleration programs for InMobi's developer facing
products.
Business Development Manager  - Mobile Payments & Developer
Solutions
January 2011 - July 2012 (1 year 7 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
> Member of the core founding team at InMobi SmartPay, a mobile payment
platform that helped developers monetize their apps on mobile web and
android through in-app carrier billing.
> Drove partnerships with leading app developers, telecom operators and
payment aggregators across the globe, generating multi-million dollar annual
transaction volumes through in-app payments.
> Part of the team that led the acquisition of Metaflow solutions, a global
android app distribution platform that was later launched as InMobi App
Publish.
 
Page 5 of 6
 
 
airtel
2 years 8 months
Manager, Marketing -Usage & Retention 
January 2009 - January 2011 (2 years 1 month)
Asst. Manager , Sales and Marketing
June 2008 - December 2008 (7 months)
Tata Consultancy Services
Associate Systems Engineer
June 2004 - March 2007 (2 years 10 months)
Education
Indian School of Business
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Strategic Marketing,
Strategy&Leadership
College of Engineering, Guindy
Bachelor of Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering
St.Michael's academy
 
Page 6 of 6
