 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ashish-
bajaj-001 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Market Research
Competitive Analysis
Team Management
Languages
English
Certifications
Google Adword 
Honors-Awards
Young Cannes Lion India media
competition
Young Spikes Asia media
competition - Gold winner
Breaking New Ground
5th most memorable OOH campaign
of 2016
advertiser of the year OOH 2017 -
OLA
Dr. Ashish Bajaj
Chief Marketing Officer @ Narayana Health
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
A Marketing professional with expertise in not only creating
consumer facing communication but with complete knowledge of
Media and key expertise across consumer understanding, touch
point planning and optimisation. Aspire to excel and innovate
with relevant and delightful solutions, keeping pace with the ever
changing consumer needs and behavior. 
Experience
Narayana Health
Chief Marketing Officer
July 2022 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Self-employed
Early stage investor 
June 2022 - July 2022 (2 months)
MediBuddy
Head Of Marketing
June 2019 - June 2022 (3 years 1 month)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
DocsApp
Head Of Marketing
July 2019 - February 2020 (8 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
-No 1 digital healthcare platform in India 
-Worked on building first marketing Campaign #BaatTohKaro learning from
the insight people dont feel comfortable talking about taboo health issues.
Thus,encouraging people to come out of their shells and talk about their health
issue in Gynac, sexology and mental health departments. 
-The very campaign Won 3 prestiges awards at ABP healthcare and National
health Summit the “Best marketing campaign” in health category  
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
-Worked on providing rapid M-O-M growth of 25% through nurture and convert
performance campaigns 
-Built Tiktok as the newest channel for performance campaigns, got CPI’s as
low as INR 7 
-DA has helped more than 1crore Indian families and we made consumer
speak our organic extension of the #baatTohKaro campaign with their
testimonies 
Ola (ANI Technologies Pvt Ltd)
Head of Media and brand alliance
April 2016 - August 2019 (3 years 5 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
-Responsible for Budget planning, media strategy and execution of ATL and
BTL activities for the brand ANI Tech which includes the cabs, Shuttle and Ola
Money managing both demand generation and supplier marketing 
- Drive both offline and online media planning and execution for the brand
-Worked across verticals right from brand activation to brand alliance and
managing category PnL 
-Introduced hyper local app performance and acquisition campaigns for the
Ola app 
-Worked closely with the corporate alliance team to monetizing the platform
and created partnerships    with brands like Flipkart and iphone 
-Worked on building agency partners for international markets and negotiating
commercials for both Media and Creative agencies.
-Launched and effectively managed the Cost per first ride campaigns i.e.
demand campaigns during Australia and UK launches. 
-Successfully launched UK’s  supply on boarding campaigns, With getting the
cost down for cost per acquisition with increasing on boarding. 
-Optimised the budget for an omni channel approach during the demand
launch of UK with daily analysis of performance budgets with daily reporting on
funnel  
Managed the relaunch of FoodPanda - devising the Crave party 100 day
media campaign resulting in 5X increase in daily orders during the campaign
period.
Microsoft
Channel/partner Marketing Manager
March 2015 - April 2016 (1 year 2 months)
Developed a strategy for Digital Marketing and Integrated campaigns to
address MMDS audiences, Partner and Alliances.
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Developed and implemented digital marketing programs which include
awareness creation, brand and thought leadership amplification, and demand
generation in alignment with the company strategy. 
Proposing and Manage the Media marketing budget to drive brand awareness,
lead generation campaigns, research work and BTL campaigns 
1.Annual Planning and Budgeting
a. Responsible for ensuring the timely development and execution of the
annual media plan (by month/quarter and year), its budgeting and delivery.
b. Responsible for the performance of all assigned general ledger accounts
(including other areas of marketing) as well as the net cost of advertising on a
quarterly basis.
2. Media Strategy
a. Responsible for ensuring the timely stewardship and development of the
MMDS media strategies. 
3. Dashboard and Reporting
a. Responsible to ensure agency partners to share reporting traffic weekly, or
more frequently as requested
b. Responsible for ensuring all reporting metrics are delivered timely including
traditional, digital and online metrics.
4. Post-buy Reporting, Auditing and Approvals
a. Responsible to ensure agency partners provide the applicable reporting on
the delivery of the media buys they are responsible for. This includes providing
the applicable reporting on their delivery on a monthly basis, (TV quarterly,
if necessary), and reviewing the approval by the buyers of all media bills,
reconciliations and make-good deliveries.
b. Responsible for ensuring that invoices are approved and processed for
timely payment. Responsible for ensuring agencies provide, as needed, proof
of expenditures for the purpose of collecting cooperative advertising dollars.
GroupM
Business Manager
June 2011 - March 2015 (3 years 10 months)
Media investor
Radio Mirchi
trainee
November 2010 - January 2011 (3 months)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
MT for Radio Mirchi Activation, delhi
Microtek India Pvt Ltd
Project Title
May 2007 - July 2007 (3 months)
To Study the working of UPS circuitry.
Duration  : 1 month and 15 days.
Education
IILM Institute for Higher Education
MBA, Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support
Services · (2009 - 2011)
Punjab Technical University
B.tech, electronics and communication · (2004 - 2008)
 
Page 4 of 4
