 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/p-durga-
prasad-reddy (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Google Ads
Google Analytics
Strategy
Languages
English
Telugu (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi
Durga Prasad Reddy P
Founder & CMO @ tunez
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
As an experienced leader in e-commerce and brand strategy,
I have a track record of driving growth and profitability for both
startups and established companies. I am passionate about using
technology to optimize business processes and deliver exceptional
customer experiences. In my current role as Executive Director
at Impetus Electronics Private Limited, I founded the company
and successfully launched our products in both online and offline
channels. I implemented automation and artificial intelligence to
automate customer service processes and improve efficiency.
I onboarded tunez as a brand at all major marketplaces and
onboarded multiple vendors and sellers to improve B2B and B2C
sales. I procured all legal and statutory licenses and certificates to
carry out import and export activities and registered the brand to
enable maximum privileges on marketplaces. I defined customer
personality and segmentation to build a competitive product line and
pricing strategy. I scouted, negotiated, and onboarded manufacturers
from China, HK, and India to manage inventory replenishments
and new design development. I was awarded Amazon Choice
Badges for various SKUs while managing multiple SKUs on different
marketplaces and awarded Gold Badge at Flipkart for maintaining
constant performance growth of seller account.
I launched a fully functional responsive e-commerce website on
Shopify and monitored and planned PPC campaigns on Amazon,
Flipkart, FB-Instagram, and Search, Display, and Retargeting on
Google Ads. I owned the growth, product, and marketing metrics,
such as CPC, CTA, Sessions, CTR, Bounce Rate, Page Views
Per Session, Sales, Repeat, ACOS, ROAS, Average Ticket Size,
Returns, SKU Productivity, Inventory Levels, COGS, Gross Profits,
Net Profit, ROI, etc. I forecasted and made decisions related to new
design development, restocking, in-house production, and adding
new sourcing channels. I planned and executed marketing activities
in coordination with freelancers, bloggers, models, influencers,
affiliates, etc. I researched product trends, strengths, opportunities,
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
and weaknesses, studying competitor listings/campaigns and
websites to determine the best way for us to market our products.
I have worked collaboratively with cross-functional teams for
change and development throughout my career. I have identified
opportunities to streamline business processes and systems and
initiated process improvement plans by challenging current methods.
Experience
tunez
2 years 2 months
Founder & CMO
September 2023 - Present (7 months)
Executive Director - Ecommerce - Digital Marketing &  Business
Strategy
February 2022 - October 2023 (1 year 9 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Kirtilals
Ecommerce and Digital Marketing Head
April 2021 - April 2022 (1 year 1 month)
India
Ecom Vidya
Ecommerce Entrepreneur 
July 2016 - February 2022 (5 years 8 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
E-commerce  Entrepreneur, E-commerce Trainer,  E-commerce Mentor.
Onboarded various ecommerce business  both B2B and B2C.  Working as
consultants for various projects. 
Lumiford
Head Of Ecommerce
June 2018 - May 2021 (3 years)
Hyderabad Area, India
• Worked as Ecommerce Head and played various roles at start up brand
called Lumiford which is into Consumer Electronics for both National and
International Online Sales.
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
• Provided Strategic route map to launch consumer electronics products into
online business
• Managed 100M direct-to-consumer ecommerce business for high-end
consumer electronics company. Responsible for leading the site strategy and
building product roadmap. Drove 30% revenue growth and 55% traffic growth.
• Onboarded Lumiford as Brand at all Marketplaces which includes Amazon.in
Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Flipkart, Myntra, Paytm, TataCliq, Udaan
• Onboarded Multiple Vendors and Sellers at online marketplaces with brand
authorization to improve B to B to C Sales.
• Developed plan for new web and mobile site. Managed full project lifecycle:
strategy, design, development, testing, and implementation. Increased
conversion by 35%, reduced bounce rate by 42%, and improved user
engagement.
• Managed strategic site design to improve brand messaging, engage new
users, and improve conversion with increase in visit duration.
• Grew branded and non-branded organic traffic 80% through site optimization
and PR/link-building campaigns. Manage SEO strategy and campaigns to
grow user base and improve brand awareness.
•Coordinated affiliate, referral, and social media programs to spur growth and
attract new users to the brand. Increased referral traffic by 75% and increased
new visitor traffic by 90%.
•Built relationships with vendors to manage all ecommerce technology
partners. Integrated several third party technologies: site search, email
marketing, and testing software.
• Created product information packages for vendors including product
descriptions, images and pricing. Ensured all information copy, product and
non-product was updated and accurate.
Ikon Technologies India (P) Ltd.
Head of Ecommerce
November 2015 - June 2018 (2 years 8 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Managed direct-to-consumer ecommerce business for high-end mobile
distribution company, responsible for leading the site strategy and
building product roadmap. Drove 70% revenue growth and 80% traffic
growth.Managed the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning
to tactical activities.Planned and executed all online marketing activities,
including on-site merchandising, affiliate marketing, email marketing, search
engine marketing and title-based/seasonal promotional offers. Reviewed web
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
analytics, developed recommendations for store/campaign optimization, and
implemented these recommendations directly or via vendor partners.
Conducted regular Business mapping to check route coverage, competitor
activity and continuously search for new opportunities in order to increase
sales in the region & Identified low performing product, and re-distributed
product-patterning strategies to accommodate consumer buying trends,
maintained a steady revenue gain through various channel distribution
including E Commerce(B to B & B TO C) –CRM, SEM
Neerus India
Ecommerce Manager
June 2014 - November 2015 (1 year 6 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Managed all technical and marketing aspects of website www.neerus.com
which operated on the Magento platform and supported over 10,000 product
SKUS. Managed strategic site redesign to improve brand messaging, engage
new users, and improve conversion. 65% increase in visit duration.
Implemented innovative promotional strategies to increase online
sales.Maintained relationships with drop ship vendors through online support,
order fulfilment to include Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal and Jabong, Myntra,
Voonik etc
TGS
Ecommerce/Catalog Team Lead
May 2011 - June 2014 (3 years 2 months)
Bangalore
Handled Various projects like ecommerce (National and International)
and ERP Products( HRMS,CRM,UNIVERSITY MANAGEMENT AND
COLLEGE MANAGEMENT). Provided ERP technical support to various
Schools,Colleges,Universities,Institutes and companies. Maintained
eCommerce platforms with hassle free operations.
Education
Indian Institute of Management Kashipur
Executive Program in Strategic Management, Strategic
Management · (2019 - 2020)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
JNTUH College of Engineering Hyderabad
Master of Technology (MTech), DIGITAL ELECTRONICS AND
COMMUNICATIONS · (2011 - 2013)
Dr.Paul Raj Engineering College
Bachelor's Degree, Electronis and Communication Engineering · (2007 - 2011)
ST. THERESAS'S HIGH SCHOOL
SSC  · (1993 - 2005)
 
Page 5 of 5
