 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/jitendra-
bulani-21557510 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
 Corporate Communications
 Public & Media Relations
Product Launch
Languages
English
Hindi
Jitendra Bulani
CMO
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Summary
An award winning PR & Communications professional, with more
than ten years of demonstrated success in building and developing
the brand image of a firm globally, accomplished through planning,
designing and implementing campaigns. Key strengths include
leading global as well as regional campaigns and establishing
company’s brand into a thought leader by collaboration with media,
analysts and influencers. Expert at successfully driving media
strategies and measuring results across traditional media and digital
channels. Possess a strong network of global agencies and media
contacts. 
INDUSTRY ACCOLADES
• Winner of Branding vendor category at the Catalyst Awards 2017
by EnterpriseChannels MEA
• Winner of Corporate Communications Vendor category at the
Catalyst Awards 2016 by EnterpriseChannels MEA.
• More than 30 awards for Sophos from Emerging markets in the last
five years
Experience
Infopercept Consulting
Chief Marketing Officer
February 2023 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Sophos
6 years 8 months
Senior Public Relations Manager- India and SAARC, Middle East and
Africa
July 2021 - February 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
PR Manager- India,Middle East and Africa
July 2016 - February 2023 (6 years 8 months)
Ahmedabad Area, India
Oversee public relations activities and communications including press
releases, social media, editorial calendars, articles, announcements and media
kits. Translate complex technical concepts into crisp, jargon-free messages
that speak to target audiences. Develop and execute PR campaigns that
are in sync with marketing and sales goals in the emerging markets (India,
Middle East and Africa) for Sophos.  Establish Sophos as a thought leader in
IT security in these markets. Core market focus is channel driven Business to
Business for flagship Sophos products and consumer audience for Sophos
Home.
Results
• Played a major role in leading campaigns for successful migration from
Cyberoam to Sophos in India and MEA targeted at customers, prospect
customers, channel partners and media. Managed campaigns to reach more
than 8000 followers on Facebook and more than 30000 subscribers of third
party publications
• Successful launch of Sophos Home, a consumer security solutions
Maintained Sophos' competitive share of voice in top 3 in the emerging
markets (compared to 8 main competitors in targeted media)
• Played a major role in placing Sophos on podium at several industry awards
and recognition (More than 30 awards in 5years in India and the MEAmarkets)
• Cover page story of Sophos' synchronized security in the GITEX 2017 issue
of Cyber Sentinels by 
Enterprise Channels MEA. The issue was distributed to more than 25,000
subscribers
• Lead several regional strategic campaigns that impacted visibility of Sophos
in the region
Cyberoam- A Sophos Company
8 years 2 months
Manager- PR (Global)
April 2015 - June 2016 (1 year 3 months)
Successfully managed global PR for Cyberoam in more than 25 countries.
Deputy Manager Marketing Communications
May 2008 - March 2015 (6 years 11 months)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
• Hired as the second member of the marketing team to support company’s
growth from one country to 125 countries 
• Tasked with establishing Cyberoam as a thought leader in Network Security
space
• Tasked with managing global PR & Communication for Cyberoam.
Successfully managed agency network in India, Middle East, USA, UK,
Poland, Germany, Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Philippines, Italy and New
Zealand. Rapidly promoted due to strong performance
• Leading global as well as regional campaigns that align with strategic goals
• Supporting integrated marketing efforts globally to elevate Cyberoam brand
identity
• Core market focus was channel driven Business to Business for flagship
Cyberoam products and consumer audience for Cyberoam NetGenie (A
consumer IT Security solution)
Hanmer MS&L
Executive Client Servicing
October 2007 - May 2008 (8 months)
Developed Marketing Programs for a variety of business-to-business and
business-to-customer clients. Used an integrated approach to create balanced
programs for clients to build their respective brands and businesses
Education
Gujarat University
MBA, Marketing · (2005 - 2007)
Shantilal Shah Engineering College Bhavnagar
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Civil Engineering · (2001 - 2005)
C U Shah Higher Secondary School
12th Standard, Science · (1998 - 2000)
 
Page 3 of 3
