 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/agarwalketan
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Strategic Marketing Management
CMO management
Marketing Communications
Certifications
Ketan Agarwal
Verified International Academic
Qualifications
Ketan Agarwal
Chief Marketing Officer at Success Group Of Companies
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I am an agile thinker with experience in leading people and
projects to optimize resources and create positive change within
organizations. I enjoy working cross-departmentally and with vendors
and suppliers to achieve business goals and optimize processes.
My relationship-building skills enable me to create economic and
social value between organizations. I have previous experience
in industries such as Real Estate and Logistics & Supply chain.
I am passionate about solving problems and using analysis to
drive business decisions with a hands-on and practical approach.
I am skilled in sales, negotiation, marketing strategy, operations
management, and vendor management. I am passionate, motivated,
and consider myself a life-long learner.
Experience
Success Group Of Companies
Chief Marketing Officer
September 2023 - Present (7 months)
Chakan, Maharashtra, India
Success Landmark
Manager
June 2023 - December 2023 (7 months)
Pune
Success Landmark
Project Manager
June 2021 - July 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Success Landmark, a construction and real estate firm, I was a project
manager for two projects simultaneously during my duration. 
During my tenure, I was responsible for all the planning, and execution of both
projects within budget and reach target sales.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Key Responsibilities: - 
1. Co-ordination between sales, marketing, construction, and design teams
2. Financial Reporting of the project
3. Decision maker for all sales and marketing
4. Managing the project team consisting of engineers, supervisors,
salespersons, accounts
Key Achievements: - 
1. Reached target sales in record time
2. Increased profit margin by conducting various marketing campaigns
3. Completed project 1 in 15% less allotted time
4. Project 2 was 2 months ahead of the schedule
Mahindra Logistics
Project Intern
January 2021 - May 2021 (5 months)
Chakan, Maharashtra, India
Mahindra Logistics, a 3PL company was handling a project for GE multi-
product plant all logistics and warehousing of supplies/parts. As a intern, my
project was to centralize the whole logistics process as to reduce the number
of errors by Mahindra logistics.
Key Responsibilities: - 
1. Analyzing current operations
2. Finding loopholes
3. Time study of each sub-activity by Mahindra Logistics
Key Achievements:  -
1. Found multiple loopholes in the current operations
2. Recommended new activities to reduce logistic errors
3. Recommended ways to optimize current activities/operations
Lalimber
Marketing Intern
August 2020 - September 2020 (2 months)
At lalimber, as a marketing intern my objective was to recommend the
company the pain points to target students as to get them to sign-up on the
website.
Key Responsibilities: - 
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
1. Ground Research
2. Analyzing pain points
Key Achievements: - 
1. Recommended target areas for various student sections after analyzing the
pain points
Future Group India
Intern
July 2020 - September 2020 (3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
At Future Group, as interns we were tasked to come-up with techniques which
future groups retail section should apply to cope-up with the after effect of
covid in the retail industry which is stated as the ‘New Normal’.
Key Job Responsibilities: - 
1. Market research on new normal
2. Analyzing customer behavior
3. Solution to tackle the new online shopping normal in covid
Key Achievements: - 
1. Able to pin-point the pain points for customers while visiting the stores
2. Recommended various solutions to solve those pain points
MyCaptain
Marketing Intern
February 2020 - April 2020 (3 months)
At MyCaptain, my job role was to make people aware of the unique
educational prospects given by MyCaptain to its students. 
Key Job Responsibilities: - 
1. Business Development
2. First-hand Sales
Key Achievements: -
1. Reached target Sales in time given
KSH Distriparks Pvt. Ltd...
Project Intern
May 2019 - July 2019 (3 months)
Talegoan MIDC,Pune
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
At KSH Distriparks Pvt.Ltd, I was tasked with understanding the frequency of
container location change in the inland container depot, so that the company
can solve the discrepancies in their container tracking software.
Key Job Responsibility: - 
1. Data Analysis
2. Data Interpretation
3. Recommendation on software updates
4. Data entry
5. Testing software
Key Achievements: -
1. Resolved multiple software issues
2. Kept the software data updated in real-time
3. Recommended new container storage map for maximum occupancy
Education
Babson F.W. Olin Graduate School of Business
Master of Science - MS, Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies · (August
2022 - July 2023)
Symbiosis Skills & Professional University
Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, Logistics, Materials, and Supply
Chain Management · (2018 - 2021)
Marathwada Mitra Mandal's College of Commerce, Pune 4
12, science · (2018)
GG International School
10  · (2016)
 
Page 4 of 4
