 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
lakshmanvelayutham (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Customer Satisfaction
Public Relations
Key Metrics
Certifications
Artificial Intelligence in Marketing 
Introduction to Digital Marketing
Brand Management: Aligning
Business, Brand and Behaviour
Fundamentals of Digital Marketing 
Social Psychology 
Honors-Awards
Cannes Gold Lion
Effie Awards
Lakshman Velayutham
Chief Marketing Officer
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
As a seasoned marketer with over 28 years of experience;
empowering and recognising the need to integrate technology,
ideas and people skills, has helped me and my team think diversely
and deliver through innovative initiatives across offline and online
formats. Placing and embracing the customer at centre remains
the key mantra, be it Strategy, Communication (ATL-BTL), Digital
Marketing, AI, Research, and Corporate Communications. Using
consumer as the sound board to undertake A/B testing, remains the
consistent approach to staying relevant and meaningful.
This approach helped the marketing team at Ujjivan secure the
'Gold Lion' at the Cannes International Festival of FIms in the
Creative Commerce category, for its initiative 'Shagun Ka Lifafa'. 
The practice and belief of collaborating with various stakeholders,
working closely with the team, by empowering and skilling them,
earned me the merit of being counted among the Top 90 CMOs in
the country by Startup Lanes.
Experience
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Limited
Chief Marketing Officer
February 2019 - Present (5 years 2 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
As a Chief Marketing Officer, working at Ujjivan Small Finance Bank (USFB), I
successfully translate strategy into effective and efficient marketing campaigns
that include advertising, promotions, consumer activation, research and
insights and public relations. Moreover, my responsibility is to create strategies
to expand brand exposure and leverage relationships with internal and
external business partners. 
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
In addition, my duty has been to drive the evolution of the brand’s identity,
bringing it to life clearly and consistently that resonates with the target
audience segments. Further, I bring strong analytical big-picture thinking and
leadership skills to develop marketing campaigns that deliver on key business
success metrics.  
Further, my responsibility was to conduct and interpret research, analyse
the market and consumer data along with capitalizing on marketing trends,
constantly striving to improve targeting, acquisition, and retention methods.  
I currently head the 26-member marketing team and foster a sense of learning
and collaborative spirit in them towards benchmarking themselves, on their
performance and skill sets.
ICICI Bank
Head Marketing for NRI, Rural, Corporate Salary and Value Customers
May 2008 - February 2019 (10 years 10 months)
Mumbai
While working for ICICI Bank Limited, as Assistant General Manager,
Marketing – Retail Banking Group, I have orchestrated a team of 8, across
multiple verticals comprising NRI, Corporate Salary, Rural, and Mass Banking,
Savings, Business, Privilege Banking, Wealth Management, Branch & ATM,
Zonal Marketing, and CSR. 
I successfully launched ‘Creative Masters’ a customer engagement program
that witnessed 1.2 Lakh entries. Furthermore, I have handled the marketing
of wealth management PAN India. Steered ‘Missed Call’ facility for Gold Loan
along with increasing the revenue multi fold. Successfully directed India’s first
quiz program on a treadmill titled, “Corporate Superstar’ with a remarkable
customer participation.  
Proven record of assembling 42K entries across 13 languages through
introduction of a vernacular engagement program. Moreover, I possess rich
expertise of marketing proficiency and business understanding to endorse
retail products besides planning and implementing new ideas, events, and
campaigns.
VF Arvind Brands
Head - Direct Marketing
April 2006 - April 2008 (2 years 1 month)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
While working for VF Arvind Brand, Bengaluru, as Head - Direct Marketing,
I have developed and implemented pro-active marketing strategies along
with executing compelling direct marketing campaigns, integrated plans,
and solutions. Moreover, I my responsibility majorly included overseeing the
planning, organizing, and managing of marketing initiatives, meeting growth
and visibility targets and continually improving customer campaigns.
Tata Communications
Senior Marketing Manager - Broadband and Dial-Up
February 2005 - March 2006 (1 year 2 months)
DHL
Sector Program Manager
June 2004 - January 2006 (1 year 8 months)
Shoppers Stop
Deputy Marketing Manager
November 2002 - May 2005 (2 years 7 months)
Growth Path: Deputy Manager | Nov’01 – May’02  Executive Assistant to MD
& CEO | Nov’00 – Oct’01
Bpl Mobile Communication Limited ,Mumbai
Deputy Manager - Sales Support
June 1997 - November 2000 (3 years 6 months)
DHL Express India
Manager - MIS
June 1996 - June 1997 (1 year 1 month)
Education
IMDR, Pune
PGDM, Finance · (1994 - 1996)
MIT, Pune
B.E., Polymers · (1988 - 1992)
 
Page 3 of 3
