 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/mahuya-
chaturvedi-43aa7a1a (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Operations Management
Data Analytics
Team Leadership
MAHUYA CHATURVEDI
HEAD OF SBU/ ORGANIZATION / COO/ CMO
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
COO, CMO; BRAND CONSULTANT -  An organisation catalyst
Never before as in now, the unessential will fall off. Businesses
need to have a sharp arrow like focus on the problem they solve
for their consumers to stay relevant, Businesses at the same
time need to think about people and society and the earth more
holistically. Purposeful businesses will find that their voice is heard
and conversed with.
Marketing , and push marketing is unnecessary if we create real
value for people , community and the world.  
Added to this the eternal principles of passion, teamwork, ideas,
experimental learning fueled by imagination is what inspires me to
go to work  now and always. Creating a new solution, finding what
can we be the best at , creating perennial sellers, and driving the
one thing that matters most are all practicing disciples of work life
everyday.
Experience
Baggit India Private Limited
3 years 3 months
HEAD BAGGIT INDIA SBU
January 2022 - Present (2 years 3 months)
Mumbai Metropolitan Region
P&L leader of Baggit Brand
Grew Baggit business by 50% plus in FY 22, FY 23
Hands on implementation of sales growth strategies on online, retail and trade
channel
Responsible for EBO expansion, leadership in Larger format Retail
Devise a tech led model for Trade expansion , building trade reach and
inventory efficiency
Strategic upgradation of product, merchandise mix that elevates profitability
and brand
 
Page 1 of 7
 
 
Lead a team of 150 plus people
CMO and Online Business Head Baggit
January 2021 - January 2022 (1 year 1 month)
Mumbai Metropolitan Region
I play a dual role in Baggit India - I am the CMO and the P&L head for online
business. Baggit India is the largest brand of handbags in the country
In the past 10 months, we have grown online business to a triple run rate to
what it was earlier and today it is an equal and some months even a larger
contributor to business topline and bottomline as compared to offline retail.
Baggit Brand has increased its market share across all e-commerce portals
while  leaping up in rank from the 4th/ 5th brand in handbags to the 1st-3rd
brand
This has been possible with a very analytical and data led approach on
1. inventory planning
2. assortment planning
3. operational efficiency in different ecommerce models like OR+ SOR + DS+
MP
4. performance marketing
5. Right pricing while meeting the Gross contribution targets
As CMO, repositioning Baggit brand to create a strong emotional appeal with
the women of India
Responsible for developing the international ecommerce market for Baggit 
Launching a three brand architecture that caters to different consumer
segments from price conscious to fashion conscious
Driving retail expansion into small towns, scaling the Baggit brand
Shaze Luxury Retail Pvt. Ltd.
Chief Marketing Officer
February 2019 - December 2020 (1 year 11 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Shaze is a Design and Lifestyle brand in India. Few brands from India has
etched a lifestyle following.
With Shaze, we endeavour with our every design to imbibe a beautiful
experience for our consumer and gift a moment to shine
Our products bring in new experiences and hence our marketing drives the
strategy of education, experiential indulgences, authentic know how, seamless
omnichannel customer service.
 
Page 2 of 7
 
 
Digital is the way we converse everyday with our consumers. We converse
through relevant influencer relationships, synchronized, sustained  experiential
content,  relevant education, curated personalization and continuous social
listening
Data is the bedrock of every decision, anticipating demand, predicting luxury
trends and product successes, driving personalization, identifying customer
and channel mix. It is data led planning that increased out Ecommerce
business by 6 times in  8 months.
Purpose and community led by the brand Ikigai is our inspiration. Brands of
today and more so now will have to have a meaning system that the consumer
identifies with and voluntarily converses with. As we lead to consumer led
brands, we need to imagine the brand purpose beyond products and sales. 
Agile is the way we work and collaborate. To be the FAANG of Design is our
BHAG and every decision we take is with the eye to this One Thing.
Leo Burnett Orchard
Chief Operating Officer
December 2016 - October 2018 (1 year 11 months)
Mumbai
Relaunched and re-constituted a full service, advertising agency, as COO of
Leo Burnett Orchard, 
steadying a rocky boat , winning new businesses ,  building strong client
performance. 
Leading the P&L of an advertising agency needed an orchestration of  a large
team , encouraging and aiding creativity, gaining client confidence, solving
crisis, innovating  to continuously garner growth .
Led a team of 150 [eople across 3 offices in India , leading divisions like
strategy, finance, hr, creative.
At Leo Burnett Orchard , we led a cross section of businesses, gaining insights
and inventive solutions for diverse businesses. 
1. AMAZON - marketing for the largest e-commerce brand required us to break
e-commerce barriers and make online shopping relevant to the middle class
Indian
 
Page 3 of 7
 
 
2. DREAM 11 - We partnered to launch and establish on line fantasy sports in
India, creating a new category in the county
3. Volkswagen -The marquee brand VW required re-vitalization. Keeping a
heritage brand alive required constant brand update 
4. Emami + Wipro - New approaches to traditional brands , based on new
lessons to connect with young India
Many other brands led with new insights and creative marketing - SBI Life,
VIACOM, Amante, 
Some of the work that won markets and hearts are 
D'DECOR
VP - BRAND & MARKETING HEAD
April 2016 - September 2016 (6 months)
Mumbai Area, India
D'Decor is the leading premium home furnishing brand in the country . 
The Marketing and Brand function is the cornerstone of this organisation,
driving growth and premiumization of the brand and making it a leader in its
category. 
Furnishing is sold through traditional retail formats. We drove a leap in
business by digitizing an omnichannel shopping experience - D'Assist.
The consumer could choose decor for virtual rooms in the app and purchase it
from retail 
This was conceived, developed and marketed to create a multiple increase in
business and consumer engagement
It created thought leadership and brought in more experimentation to business.
Its true that the best way to a business acceleration is through consumer value
addition
FCB Global
Managing Partner, Cogito Consuling, FCB
July 2013 - February 2016 (2 years 8 months)
Mumbai
A part of the  IPG group and FCB, Cogito Consulting is a marketing and brand
consulting arm. As its leader, the task was to fulfill strategy requirements
of clients, pitch and grow the P&L, and be the credibility builder for FCB's
strategy
 
Page 4 of 7
 
 
key strategic projects were fulfilled in this tenure. some are as below
•AMERICAN ICON JEEP – India Brand Entry Strategy & Brand Promise to
break-into cluttered SUV market
•SAVLON, ITC – Brand Re-visioning and 3 year road map with product
portfolio to compete & win
•ADOBE-  Business Strategy in Lifestyle - Business potential mapping and
Business plan for 3D figurine
•ZEE NEWS– Brand Re-positioning and  Consumer engagement Strategy -
Re-crafting  relevance proposition and a brand blueprint for tone, manner,
visualization...
•NIRMA-  Brand extension strategy , naming and identity for brand extending
from FMCG to Cement
•CHESS – COMPETITIVE WAR GAMING – Understanding and scenario
planning of competitive strategy - Lenovo , Forbes Marshall
as part of  thought leadership mandate  conducted the COGITO
CONSULTING BRAND WEALTH WORKSHOP
It was a 3 day paid Brand workshop “ Brand Wealth” nationally across  6
metros for 3 years- providing a  comprehensive understanding on all aspects
of brand management comprising of Business purpose , Brand Promise,
Consumer Insight Mining, Brand Architecture , media Strategy, 
Attended by more than 50 companies including HUL, ITC, Walmart, Wipro,
Lifestyle Retail, Zee, Amul, Mondelez, Hero Motors, Whirlpool, Snapdeal
amongst many others
Aditya Birla Group
Global Head Brand and Communication , ( Kara Skincare and LIVA
Fashion Fabrics) , Aditya Birla Group
August 2008 - June 2013 (4 years 11 months)
Mumbai
Formed consumer product division KARA SKINCARE & Created a fashion
brand LIVA
When I joined Birla Cellulose it was a commodity fibre business . The
transformation from a commodity fibre to a lifestyle brand of wipes and fashion
was full of learning, an exercise in collaboration and two start up cases
 
Page 5 of 7
 
 
We set up and launched the wipe business in India with the introduction of
Kara skin care wipes. 
Launching a new category required a  synchronised strategy in education,
expanding business with innovation in modern retail, justifying a price premium
and creating a business plan that had a clear growth curve and profitability
metric
The business grew at a clipping rate and thrived from 2008 to 2013
The second turn-around and the larger business transformation was branding
and consumer marketing the commodity fibre viscose to a fashion brand LIVA
conceptualizing this transformation from the name to the value proposition to
trade proposition and eventual roll out was a two year journey in itself
Today LIVA has been able to generate high margins, brought in growth to a
stagnant commodity and gives it's values its dues.
Lodestar Universal
General Manager
December 2003 - June 2008 (4 years 7 months)
Mumbai
Data Analytics to solve core business questions, measure marketing ROI, a
sharper TV targeting and segmentation tool and many such incisive answers
was the pioneering work being done at Lodestar Universal labcentre, with me
leading a small buy very capable team
We won successive awards for each of our tech tools, swept the research and
strategy awards at EMVIES  and also bagged the TAM award .
Data analytics helped us answer key business questions
where should the next Trent store be ?
what should be the bid amount for a radio  FM channel ?
What is the lift in awareness with every rupee spent in advertising ?
How does the umbrella branding strategy work with sub brands to raise cut
throughs ?
Proud to be voted as the employee of the year and emerging professional by
Economic Times
 
Page 6 of 7
 
 
JWT/ Mindshare
Media Planner to Planning Director
October 2000 - November 2003 (3 years 2 months)
Mumbai
An experience to cherish was building the DeBeers brand in India. 
Creating diamond culture in a country besotted with gold was challenging all
the way
A very well crafted strategy brought tremendous success and made diamond
the trend in India
A holistic approach to creating diamond desirability with launch of culturally
rich brands like Nakshatra, educating consumers on 3C, building resale
credibility, understanding and addressing cultural nuances in every zone
distinctly were well blended to create the perfect shine for the brand
Education
IISWBM
MBA, marketing
Kolkata University
Economics Hons with Maths, economics
Lady Brabourne College : Economics, Mathematics , Statistics
 
Page 7 of 7
