 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
manishakhadge (LinkedIn)
www.signzy.com (Company)
Top Skills
Lead Generation
Market Research
Business Intelligence
Languages
Marathi
Hindi
English
Certifications
Social Media Marketing Foundations
Social Media Marketing: Strategy
and Optimization
Artificial Intelligence and Business
Strategy
Foundations of Diversity, Equity,
Inclusion, and Belonging
2D Animation and Web Designing
Honors-Awards
Global “WOMAN OF WORTH” award
Global CMO of the year award
Asia's 100 Power Leaders in
Marketing & Communications
2021-22
Most Influential Marketing Leader
Top 10 Best Women CMO of India
2022
Publications
Creating a Market for Low-Cost
Menstrual Hygiene Products in India
Dilemmas with Using Strategy to
Create a Market for Renewable
Energy in Subsistence Marketplace
Manisha Khadge
LinkedIn Top Voice/CMO/B2B SaaS Products and ITeS Marketer/
Speaker/Asia's Top Woman Power Leader/DEI Podcast Host/Ex-
(Synechron/Tavisca JPMC/Icertis)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Marketing practitioner with close to two decades of IT products &
services experience in building & 
establishing brands. Years of track record of expanding business for
software solutions and SaaS 
product portfolios, delivering high-impact GTM strategies across the
globe that built brand 
awareness and driven revenue for companies like Synechron,
Tavisca (part of JPMC), Icertis. Successfully launched numerous
solutions/products (SaaS) and services within start-ups 
utilizing the end to end marketing and communications skills.
Core Competencies: Leadership, Marketing Strategies, Market
Research & Analysis, Segmentation, Targeting & GTM strategy,
Integrated Marketing Communications, Lead Generation and
Qualification, Campaign Planning, Development, Delivery &
Measurement, Partner Strategy and Marketing, Digital Marketing,
Online & Offline Branding, Social Media Marketing across multiple
platforms, Sales/Sales enablement, Communication & PR/Media
Management.
Experience
Mindbowser Inc
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
The IOT Magazine
Moderator & Podcast Host
January 2023 - Present (1 year 3 months)
Dover, Delaware, United States
DEI Podcast - where we explore the transformative power of Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion in today's world.
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Each episode features interviews with founders, experts, innovators, and
thought leaders across various industries who share their experiences and
insights.
Gain valuable insights, strategies, and inspiring stories that will empower you
to foster a more equitable and inclusive environment. Together, let's create
a world where diversity is celebrated, equity is achieved, and inclusion is the
norm.
Self-employed
Fractional CMO
March 2022 - February 2023 (1 year)
Let's partner to build and establish long lasting brand and exponential revenue
growth.
Signzy
Vice President Global Marketing
October 2021 - March 2022 (6 months)
Maharashtra, India
Signzy is redefining the limits of innovation in building trust online. We are
committed to delivering a secure and positive experience for our clients.
Icertis
Director - Marketing APAC & MEA
January 2019 - October 2021 (2 years 10 months)
Pune Area, India
With unmatched technology and category-defining innovation, Icertis pushes
the boundaries of what’s possible with contract lifecycle management
(CLM). The AI-powered, analyst-validated Icertis Contract Intelligence (ICI)
platform turns contracts from static documents into strategic advantage by
structuring and connecting the critical contract information that defines how
an organization runs. Today, the world’s most iconic brands and disruptive
innovators trust Icertis to fully realize the intent of their combined 7.5 million+
contracts worth more than $1 trillion, in 40+ languages and 90+ countries.
Tavisca, a cxLoyalty Technology Platform (Division of JP Morgan
Chase & Co.)
3 years 9 months
Marketing - Head
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
January 2016 - December 2018 (3 years)
Pune Area, India
Tavisca Solutions, an Affinion Group company, through its subsidiary
Connexions Loyalty, is a leading Travel Technology Products & Solutions
Company that powers over 4.8 million (2017) travel bookings for leading
B2C, membership-based travel and B2B travel companies globally. Tavisca
Solutions has helped travel brands transform themselves into technology-
centric market leaders in travel, empower their vision, and scale their
businesses.  Established in 2008, tavisca® has emerged into a team of travel
technology specialists with over 300 dedicated personnel. A state-of-the-art
development center in India, and a sales and marketing office in the USA. For
more information, visit www.tavisca.com 
Heading - Marketing Strategies & Planning, Digital Marketing, SEO/SEM,
Social Media, Brand Management, Research, Lead Generation, Event
Management, Sales Enablement
Head – New Client Acquisition
September 2015 - January 2016 (5 months)
Tavisca Solutions, a leading travel technology company specializing in
products and services for (B2B, B2C, and B2B2C) Online Travel Agencies,
Consolidators, Destination Management Companies and Consortia.
Senior Manager Business Development
April 2015 - September 2015 (6 months)
Heading Research, Lead Generation and Sales Enablement Practices at
Tavisca.
Tavisca Solutions, a leading travel technology company specializing in
products and services for (B2B, B2C, and B2B2C) Online Travel Agencies,
Consolidators, Destination Management Companies and Consortia.
Synechron
10 years 3 months
Senior Manager - Marketing
January 2012 - April 2015 (3 years 4 months)
Managing Research, Content, Corporate Design and Telesales Team and
Activities for Synechron
Manager - Marketing
January 2010 - December 2011 (2 years)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
- Understanding overall US & UK market potential and trends.
- Research & assessments of sales opportunities and target markets. 
- Intelligence gathering on customers and competitors, help generate leads for
possible sales, follow-up sales activity. 
- Research & Analysis of new business opportunities, identify likely sales
points, help develop strategic plans and sales strategies.
Assistant Manager - Marketing
February 2005 - December 2009 (4 years 11 months)
Reporting House
Actuate -- Business Development Executive
June 2004 - February 2005 (9 months)
Handled Business Development activities for Actuate reporting tool
Education
Fergusson College
Masters, Digital Electronics · (1997 - 2002)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
1st to 12th  · (1985 - 1997)
 
Page 4 of 4
