 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/munjal-mehta-
b37534100 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Management
Sales
Marketing
Munjal Mehta
Chief Marketing officer (CMO) at Conviction HR Pvt Ltd
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Catering to various different verticals FMGC
BFSI, IT, Corporate segments pan India..
(We are hiring) 
Experience
Conviction Hr Pvt Ltd
Chief Marketing Officer
October 2012 - Present (11 years 6 months)
INDIA
Conviction HR:
Founded in the year 2012, conviction provides you with Human Resource
Solutions that are well researched. Our placement services are worked
upon in tandem with state of the art technology and a proactive team of
expert headhunters. In today’s human resource global community our name
comes as a bankable source of opportunity and talent providers, so that your
company reaps optimum harvests of profit by resting the right jobs on right
shoulders.
Responsibilities:
* Lateral Hiring: Identifying right candidates with required Skill set and
experience and make sure that it should match with the requirement as per the
job.
* Managing Volume hiring with spam of 200 plus recruiters across Mumbai ,
Pune and Thane locations.
* Helping the business develop their recruiting strategy through the lateral/
experienced hire space. This includes developing and executing a sourcing
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
strategy, managing and streamlining the interview and selection process, and
managing the offer process to completion. 
* Handling key clients of the company which involves interaction with the client
to understand their requirements and provide best resources in given specific
timeline.
* Finding appropriate candidates from various job positing responses,
database search from the job portals, Company Database, old relevant
databases as well as through references.
* Handling End to end recruitment Working on Senior& Mid level mandates for
clients across the industries.
* Successfully closed various Leadership, Senior & Mid Level positions across
verticals.
* Distributing the requirements to the Team Members and short listing the
resumes. Motivating & Helping the Team members in achieving the Targets.
* Ensuring that Individual-Target & Team-Target is achieved by us together.
Monitoring the Daily, Weekly and Monthly Reports of the Team members and
reporting the same to the management.
Education
Vidya vikasini high school
Graduate , Business/Commerce, General
 
Page 2 of 2
