 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/reachnidhi
(LinkedIn)
www.bluevector.co/ (Company)
Top Skills
Public Relations
Marketing Communications
Creative Agencies
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
ISO 27001 Lead Implementer/
Auditor
ISO 27001 Lead Implementer
Certified of Digital Marketing
Prince2 Foundation & Practitioner
Honors-Awards
Certificate Of Appreciation
The Seven Habits For Associates
Best Team Player
Certificate of Appreciation
Corporate Mentorship Program
Nidhi S Mittal
Group CEO @BlueVector
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Summary
Seasoned Sales and Marketing professional dedicated to shaping
exceptional strategies that power revenue growth and market
dominance. My passion lies in optimizing sales performance and
brand value, leveraging a unique blend of creative vision, data-driven
insights, strategic alliances and cross-functional collaboration.  
As a Marketing & Growth Specialist, I have cultivated expertise
in Marketing Operations, Brand Transformation, and Sales
Enablement, contributing to market leadership in Advertising,
Technology, Digital Media, Mobility, and IT services sectors with
start-ups and established businesses alike.
Throughout my journey, I have immersed myself in varied cultures
and geographies, spanning the Middle East, Singapore, UAE, USA,
Australia, and India. This rich exposure has enabled me to be a
catalyst for business growth.
I am adept at steering multidisciplinary teams, crafting
infrastructures, implementing best practices, and aligning budgets.
My expertise extends to offshore project leadership, forging robust
partnership channels, and cultivating alliances with technology and
media giants.
With a respected Master's degree in Business Administration
from Hult International Business School, Dubai, and specialized
certifications in marketing, process excellence and global account
management, I have developed a knack for spotting opportunities
and building partnerships.
Speaker at esteemed forums including IIT Delhi, IIM Lucknow,
Symbiosis, NIIT University, Shiv Nadar University, IIDE, Growth
School, IAMAI, MMA, ET Brand Equity, Financial Express, Exchange
4 Media, The Drum (UK), and Inkspell etc.
 
Page 1 of 6
 
 
During my free moments, I find fulfilment in pursuing my passion for
fitness and indulging my enthusiasm for writing.
Experience
Blue Vector 
Group CEO
November 2023 - Present (5 months)
Gurugram, Haryana, India
Blue Vector is a group of creative agencies in India providing the best creative,
marketing, and tech solutions to a clientele ranging from startups to Fortune
500 companies. We create a simple and seamless creative experience
covering everything from brand building to technological innovation.
At the forefront of Creative Process Offshoring, our work redefines scaling by
helping professionals and businesses access creativity at a global level.
Emeritus
CMO Program - Industry Expert
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
India
JioSaavn
Head of Brand Marketing
March 2022 - October 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Gurugram, Haryana, India
o Spearheading marketing strategies for B2B audio advertising and product
marketing with the aim of driving strategic business growth and supporting
sales efforts to increase market share.
o Driving forward-thinking marketing strategies tailored to B2B audio
advertising and product marketing, aligning with business objectives and
fostering revenue growth.
o Strategically supporting sales teams in expanding market share by
orchestrating targeted campaigns, thereby capturing new business
opportunities and fortifying client relationships.
o Devising and executing strategic product positioning strategies that
effectively communicate value propositions, ensuring the product's unique
benefits resonate with target audiences.
 
Page 2 of 6
 
 
o Collaborate seamlessly with external partners, PR professionals, digital
experts, and event specialists to collectively achieve organizational objectives
and amplify the impact of marketing efforts.
TATA Advanced Systems Limited
Head of Marketing & Business Development
July 2019 - February 2022 (2 years 8 months)
Noida Area, India
o Established & integrated marketing business function from scratch and
provided strategic Go To Market Advisory for the cyber security practice with a
yearly social media growth of over 100%.
o Orchestrated cultural shift towards brand marketing within the organization,
led teams to drive growth initiatives across all digital and traditional channels.
o Played a key role in streamlining sales and inside sales processes to help
reach its target audience at scale to deliver growth at optimum costs and at
least 50% budget reduction.
o Enriched end-to-end relationships, enhanced partnership channels &
collaborated with brands like Nasscom for marketing engagements and
multiple leading technology partners.
o Participate in quarterly/yearly growth strategy with regional sales and
developing strategically strong data and ROI driven inside sales and marketing
strategy.
o Proactively collaborating and leading from the front along with resource
management and other key stakeholders to increase employee engagement
and corporate culture.
HaltDos
Assistant Vice President Sales & Marketing
December 2018 - July 2019 (8 months)
Noida Area, India
o Spearheaded Global enterprise sales & marketing processes from India &
Singapore offices in both public & private sectors for a cybersecurity solutions. 
o Orchestrated projects including up-selling, cross-selling, creating OEM
distribution & re-seller channels (Pan Asia & Pan & Middle east); enabling
customer success. 
o Designed Branding Strategies, implemented marketing plan, managed
lead generation processes & handled tender & bid management for the
organization.
 
Page 3 of 6
 
 
o Contributed in building partnership alliances, channels & played the role of
single POC representing the organization in leading events led by Nasscom,
DSCI, GISEC & Nullcon etc.
Startup
Entrepreneur | Startup Consultant
June 2014 - November 2018 (4 years 6 months)
New Delhi, Goa, India
o Co-founded a Digital Solutions company, led & managed SEOs, SMOs,
website development  & digital marketing services & co-curated ‘SmaartYou’-
personal branding digital platform for both B2C & B2B markets.
o Improved operational efficiencies, championed marketing strategy & drove
business model for Metanest Technologies as Business Advisor of the
organization.
o As COO at Blue Vector, formulated strategies to drive business both at
strategic & tactical layers, established a performance management system &
maximized customer engagement with team of 15 members.
o Enabled Blue Vector in establishing operational standards/operational
management process, measurement criteria and client engagement.
o Worked as the Business Head in optimizing, tuning business strategies &
acted as primary POC for C- Level executives at Private Unlimited.
DXC Technology
Senior Process Consultant
August 2013 - April 2014 (9 months)
Noida Area, India
o Successfully established end-to-end tactical, financial & strategic solutions &
conceptualized RFPs & RFIs to drive new business.
o Spearheaded 8 Global Strategic deals & improved internal effectiveness,
maintained long-term client relationships & valuable business alliances.
o Translate insights into recommendations for the sales team and cross-
functional teams on how to drive the client requirements.
British Council
Account Manager
August 2010 - August 2012 (2 years 1 month)
Noida Area, India
o Key contributor in establishing teams, deploying processes & tools (Service
Now).
 
Page 4 of 6
 
 
Effectively managed ongoing value-added ITIL processes for 220 British
Council offices across 109 countries.
o Led management team of 5 members & managed operational processes
by setting up a well governed, autonomous ecosystem driven with standard
process, quality frameworks & measurable targets.
o Involved in organization wide initiatives like like ISO 27001 deployment,
hiring and training of employees.
DXC Technology
Account Lead
April 2005 - July 2010 (5 years 4 months)
Noida, India & California, United States
o Proven capabilities in heading the ITIL service delivery of the entire Australia
region & handled 7 key accounts and leading a team of 25 members to
implement multiple process and tool deployments and deliver ongoing value-
added off-shore services.
o Spearheaded & facilitated an offshore project (Pilot) while based at Toyota
Headquarter in California, USA (Feb 2009 – Jun 2010),
o Led the process and technology transition from Remedy to HP Service
Management while based in Australia (Feb 2008 - April 2008).
o Responsible for team handling, processes & tool deployment, documentation
& staff training, operational reviews & reports.
o Key Project Lead for various service improvements programs on global
standards & frameworks including Six Sigma which led to highest customer
satisfaction ratings & zero team attrition throughout.
o Single handedly managed various offshore & onshore projects as Asset
& Configuration Manager & contributed to numerous CSR interventions and
employee engagement initiatives.
Sopra Steria
Account Specialist
February 2004 - April 2005 (1 year 3 months)
Noida Area, India
o Successfully managed large Enterprise Accounts for clients like Barclays &
provided offshore business process outsourcing support.
o Key contributor in successful completion of offshore project in UK &
contributed as the primary POC for key stakeholders & managed effective
customer relationships.
 
Page 5 of 6
 
 
Education
Hult International Business School
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Management
Consulting · (2012 - 2013)
Institute of Management Technology, Ghaziabad
PG Diploma, Finance · (2001 - 2003)
Delhi University
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Economics and English · (2001)
APTECH Computer Education
Diploma In Software Mgmt, IT · (1997 - 1999)
 
Page 6 of 6
