 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nikhiljain13
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Finance
Auditing
Marketing
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Elementary)
English (Professional Working)
Marwari (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
The Fundamentals of Digital
Marketing
Financial Markets
Python for Everybody
Project Management Foundations
Nikhil Jain ↗️
Co-founder & CMO - Mealawe | Business Enthusiast | Speaker |
Growth hacker | Innovation | Marketer | Startups
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Hi, I’m Nikhil Jain. Currently the Cofounder/CMO of Mealawe
"The goal is to die with memories, not dreams" - This line has stayed
with me since I was a child. 
I enjoy decoding things, whether they are business, technology,
research, patterns, or anything else.
In terms of accomplishments, Cracked JEE advanced with AIR
-13148. While studying for the JEE, I realised that life is all about
making choices. You need to choose right or make it right.
My business or career journey started right from childhood. Being
born in Jain family, I got the privilege to handle business while I was
in school. I learned a lot of things like sales, negotiation, inventory
& finances.  I began coding when I was 12 years old. Being a top
academic performer, I've always had the ability to excel in all areas.
I wanted to do something different after passing JEE and getting into
Computer Science Engineering. So I joined a network marketing
company and in 6 months, at the age of 18, I had closed a sale of 7
lakhs. Lead a team of 50+ people.
I joined the Entrepreneurship Development Cell, became head at
EDC and transformed it from a dormant club to an active club with
400+ members in a year, organized many events, invited startup
founders and investors, and interacted with them.
For six months, I worked as a strategic alliances manager at
Navayuvak Entrepreneurs Pvt Ltd, where I worked on startup
community engagement programs and signed partnerships with
20+ organizations in three months despite lockdown being a major
bottleneck. Mentored student startups, built a sales funnel, and
generated 5.5 lakhs in revenue in three months.
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
As a Growth hacker Freelance, I've worked with over 8 startups.
Built a funnel with metrics to track performance and scale. Acted as
marketing consultant to startups, helping them find new customers &
grow exponentially at half the budget of digital marketing. 
Failures, however, did not deter me from experimenting and trying
new things. After college, I decided not to take a job and instead
began working on my own startup. It was only a one-minute decision
at the time, but I now realise how much value that decision holds.
Starting my own business right after college taught me a lot.
We had many setbacks & learned from them. Starting with the
legalities, moving on to product development, technicalities, pitching,
marketing, and operations. It's been a wild ride.
Hindustan Times, Lokmat, Pune Times mirror has featured us.
If you want to talk more about growth hacking, marketing strategy or
especially startups (my personal favourite), hit me up.
Experience
Mealawe
Co-founder & Chief Marketing Officer
September 2022 - Present (1 year 7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Mealawe is redefining online food delivery, bringing fresh, tasty homemade
food to your doorstep. We empower talented home chefs to serve food that not
only nourishes your body but feeds your soul too. Get ready to enjoy healthy,
lip-smacking food that will feel like home in every bite.
Our Mission 
Jo Khao, Wahi Khilao
Mealawe brings the charm of Ghar ka Khana to every plate.Following our
mission of ‘Jo Khao, wahi Khilao,’ our talented neighborhood chefs will serve
the same food that they serve their families. So rest assured that your food will
come with an added dose of nutrition and love. 
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Our Vision:
Making India healthy one meal at a time.
Mealawe envisions an India where everyone can partake in the delight of
regional cuisine. 
Our Value:
Homemade food, made with love.
Mealawe empowers home chefs to turn their culinary skills and talent into a
profitable revenue stream. 
Health, Happiness, Satisfaction, Collaboration and Love - These five
ingredients make every Mealawe meal a source of pure delight!
️entrepreneurship ️ghargharstartup ️womenempowerment
Rotaract District 3131
District Treasurer
July 2023 - Present (9 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Rotaract
3 years 4 months
Vice President
July 2022 - Present (1 year 9 months)
We aim to serve society, Hence organised one event - Hold My Hand, which
was recognized internationally.
We planned a day out for orphanage kids, took 60+ kids to the science park,
explained them things, showed them a 3d movie, played games with them
and also arranged special food for them. Thanks to the support of people and
hardwork of team, we could pull off such a big project and raise funds.
We also started initiative named Sculpting Pune, where 100+ youth came
together and renovated whole orphanage and brought color in the life of kids.
Member Board Of Directors
July 2021 - June 2022 (1 year)
Member
December 2020 - July 2021 (8 months)
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Pune, Maharashtra, India
VIBRANCY
Founder
August 2021 - Present (2 years 8 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Freelance
Growth Consultant
January 2022 - December 2022 (1 year)
I have worked with 8+ startups as Growthhacker Freelance. Completed
projects and solved their problems in an optimized manner. Cleared their
bottleneck and created a funnel and metrics for them to track performance
and scale. Acted as marketing consultant to startups, helping them find new
customers & grow exponentially through growth hacking at half the budget of
digital marketing.
100X.VC
100X.VC Gurukul Cohort 4 Mentee
May 2022 - August 2022 (4 months)
Exampil Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Channel Partner
August 2021 - December 2021 (5 months)
sparkles valley
Founder
September 2020 - December 2021 (1 year 4 months)
PICT Entrepreneurship Development Cell
2 years 5 months
Advisory Board
March 2021 - July 2021 (5 months)
Secretary
March 2020 - February 2021 (1 year)
I joined the Entrepreneurship Development Cell because I wanted to start
something new and got excited and curious about startups. Became head
at EDC and transformed it from a dormant club to an active club with 400+
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
members in a year. I organised a number of events, invited startup founders
and investors, and interacted with them.
Marketing And Public Relations Specialist
March 2019 - March 2020 (1 year 1 month)
Navayuvak Entrepreneurs Pvt. Ltd.
6 months
Strategic Alliances Manager
September 2020 - January 2021 (5 months)
I worked as strategic alliances manager at Navayuvak Entrepreneurs Pvt Ltd
for 6 months which worked for startup community engagement programmes
where I had signed partnership with 20+ organization in 3 months despite
of lockdown being a major bottleneck. Organized events, mentored student
startups, created a sales funnel and did a revenue of 5.5 Lakhs in 3 months.
Business Development
August 2020 - September 2020 (2 months)
Birdvision Consulting Pvt. Ltd. 
Business Development and Python
May 2020 - July 2020 (3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Business development and Python
Education
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Computer Engineering Technology/
Technician · (2017 - 2021)
NEW LIFE CENTRE HIGH SCHOOL
Resonance Eduventures Limited
11 & 12 JEE ASPIRANT
Y Combinator
Startup School, Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies
 
Page 5 of 5
