 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/palash-
hase-61a793b8 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business Initiatives
Budgeting
Public Relations
Certifications
Social Media Marketing: ROI
Palash Hase
CMO | Ideator | Strategist | Digital Content Creator | Team Builder
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Strong interest in developing innovative & sustainable solutions
to solve the complex social & organizational problems. Deep
understanding of sustainability & development sector because of
establishing & leading a social enterprise. Specialized in Advertising,
Marketing, Branding & Strategy consulting.
My Job at different Organizations allows me to do a variety of things.
I focused mainly on coaching my Marketing Team, Planning and
managing Projects, Strategy planning & implementation, Negotiation,
Project Development, Team & Process Management and also
had the opportunity to improve internal processes, create sales
enablement tools, and build the reputation from the ground up.
Experience
Deciphercloud 
3 years 4 months
Chief Marketing Officer
April 2023 - Present (1 year)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Head Of Strategy
December 2020 - April 2023 (2 years 5 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Decipher CloudTech is a Brand Experience company and Digital Agency
which specializes in
1. Improving the Brand Perception (Net Promoter Score (NPS) or Customer
Perception Score of our customers using Ideation (l-aaS) and Design Thinking
as a Service (DT-aaS).
2. Improving Customer Experience using Marketing solutions
3. Building and strengthening their digital backbone using Salesforce, cloud,
and mobility solutions
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Founded in December 2020, It is a Pune-based startup. We focus on a very
niche area of improving the brand experience for clients in the B2C space
along with providing digital solutions to their customers to improve their
customer and employee experience.
Real Kissa
Co-Founder
June 2020 - Present (3 years 10 months)
India
'Real Kissa' is a platform for raw stories, real entertainment & infotainment.
Surendra Pathare Foundation
Founding Member
January 2021 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Surendra Pathare Foundation established with an aim to serve humanity by
bringing positive changes in the life. We started this foundation to work with
grassroots initiatives that bring smiles and happiness in the lives of under
privileged section of our society to make it a better place for all of us.
The principal aim of the foundation is to carry on charitable and social activities
conducive to the secular character of the Indian Nation and the advancement
of national integrity, patriotism and upliftment of the society at large.
Wide Wings Media 
Creative Manager
March 2018 - September 2020 (2 years 7 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
MIT WPU Aarohan The Cultural Fest
Head Project Manager
January 2014 - June 2018 (4 years 6 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Cummins India
Internship
August 2014 - May 2015 (10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Education
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
MIT World Peace University
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Mechanical Engineering · (2011 - 2015)
 
Page 3 of 3
