 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rawatp
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Strategic Thinking
Team Performance
International Marketing
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Mandarin (Elementary)
English (Full Professional)
Honors-Awards
Part Of The India Strategy
Team That Won 'Best Business
Turnaround' Award
Top 10 Investment Management
Brands in India
Part of the core team to drive
'Employee Initiatives' which led to a
win of the coveted title 'India's Top
50 Best Places To Work'
Pankaj Rawat
CMO | Integrated Marketing | Digital Transformation | Strategy
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
With over 18 years of experience in financial services and consulting,
I am a strategic marketer with expertise in integrated marketing and
communications across the mainstream and digital domain in global
markets. 
I am currently the Chief Marketing & Communications Officer at CMS
Info Systems, where I am committed to driving the marketing and
communications strategy to fuel the next phase of growth for the
leading business services firm.
I have a recognized ability to drive revenue growth with new and
existing value propositions, leveraging data analysis and insights to
drive complex organizational transformation projects and initiatives.
I have supported CRISIL's foray into ESG solutions with a high-
impact and award-winning launch campaign, resulting in its
leadership positioning and being recognized as an 'Iconic Brand'
by India's leading media house. I have also brought the 'Digital
Revolution' at HSBC Asset Management and Angel One by building
diverse online assets for product promotion, sales engagement,
and service, leading to enhanced organizational performance in
demanding, fast-paced, and challenging market environments. 
I am passionate about creating and delivering innovative and
effective marketing and communications solutions that align with the
business objectives and vision.
Experience
CMS Info Systems
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer
2022 - Present (2 years)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Committed to drive marketing & communications strategy to fuel next phase of
growth. 
CRISIL Limited
Director & Global Head - Marketing & Communications
2020 - 2022 (2 years)
Mumbai
Was responsible for driving business impact marketing strategy for its 4 distinct
business lines across 11 global markets.
Additionally, drove key narratives of CRISIL through an integrated approach
across all mediums to take the brand trajectory to next orbit.
HSBC
SVP & Head - Client Propositions
2015 - 2020 (5 years)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Member of Global Asset Management India's Executive Committee,
responsible for Brand, Corporate Communications, Product Positioning and
Digital Transformation.
I. Achieved 25% improvement in brand perception through thought leadership
positioning of a ‘Global Knowledge Partner’.
II. Launched multiple online sales platforms with 38% SoW.
III. Built a complete digital B2C sales channel with 20% SoW.
IV. Built digital capability of the firm from start to maturity phase with multiple
digital assets for product promotion, sales engagement and service.
Member of AMFI IAP-BTL Committee to promote Mutual Funds to a larger
audience in India.
Angel One
VP & Group Head - Marketing & Communications
2014 - 2015 (1 year)
Mumbai Area, India
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
I. Digital transformation of the brand through persona profiling based lead
nurturing technique, thereby built capability for e-commerce opportunity in the
broking segment
II. Change agent in institutionalizing the new-age marketing to sales funnel
towards a more efficient environment
III. Ideated, curated & implemented, India's first interactive 'DigiPitch'
 applications to capture millennial market-share
IV. Positioned management as the 'Thought Leader' in media
V. Built digital brand profile for a cross-medium connect
VI. Implemented Media Rating Point, NPS & Brand Health dashboards
NN Investment Partners
Vice President & Head - Marketing & Communications
2007 - 2014 (7 years)
Mumbai Area, India
I. Re-positioned ING as a global asset manager & subsequently as India’s
leading quantitative player in the industry. 
II. Instrumental in introducing various global strategies to Indian investors
through Integrated Communication strategies. This helped Indian investors
overcome home country bias towards investments.
III. Responsible for product positioning for various market segments.
IV. Driven business numbers through Analytical Marketing and thereby
increasing the product density.
V. Led the launch of various ‘first-in industry’ initiatives which has helped the
organization create a unique position in the minds of distributor partners &
investors.
ING Financial Services Pvt. Ltd.
Vice President & Head - Marketing & Communications
2009 - 2013 (4 years)
I. Launched ING's first foray into a Broker Dealer Network in India.
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
II. Defined the positioning & brand identity of the b2b business.
III. Designed & implemented a low cost high impact marketing strategy &
thus securing a position in India's Top 100 distributors list within 3 years of its
launch.
IV. Formulated Ratings from a credible rating agency to each model portfolio
advised to clients - a first in the history of Indian Financial Services space.
Planman Marcom
Consultant
2005 - 2007 (2 years)
I. Created a new revenue model ‘Loyalty Program Cell’ for Citigold clients. 
II. Developed & implemented launch promotional strategy for Rolls Royce,
BMW & HDFC. 
III. Instrumental in setting up Live Concert business.
Education
Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta
MDP, Digital Transformation · (2020)
Indian Institute of Planning and Management
MBA, Finance & Marketing · (2005)
University of Mumbai
BSc, Physics · (2003)
 
Page 4 of 4
