 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/payal-
chhabra-a0751623 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Marketing
Digital Marketing
Channel Partners
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Hindi (Professional Working)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Punjabi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Certified Digital Marketer
International Business Simulation-
iBizSim
System Audit
Self certification
Publications
A Psychological Study On Gen Y To
Re-Engineer HR Policy & Structure
Succession Planning & Leadership
Development
Talent Management-Transforming
Potential to Performance
Retention Strategies for Generation
Y Workforce
Managing Strategies for sustainable
competitive advantage: "Vision &
Challenges"
Payal Chhabra
Chief Marketing Officer
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Experienced and energetic Marketing Professional  with eleven
years of experience effectively managing marketing projects from
conception to completion. Adept in managing the channel partners &
distribution network.Pragmatic and result oriented, I am determined
to build market presence in the next company I join.
Experience
Translites
Cheif Marketing Officer
February 2023 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Strategic planning. 
Brand management. ...
Customer engagement. ...
Marketing analytics. ...
Team leadership.
Essar Foundation
Advisor
January 2021 - February 2023 (2 years 2 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
SRT Additive Manufacturing 
Head Of Marketing & Branding
October 2018 - January 2021 (2 years 4 months)
UMANG PHARMATECH PVT LTD
Head Of Marketing
April 2015 - October 2018 (3 years 7 months)
Mumbai Area, India
• Generating 37 % of sales from digital marketing 
• Boosted lead generation by 89 % primarily through SEO & SEM 
• Drove a 200 percent increase in web traffic. 
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Translated business-objectives strategies into brand portfolio objectives, plans,
and strategies of enhanced growth of the business unit.
• Build Distribution channel in the European & Asian market increasing
achieving the revenue goal. 
• Trained & monitored the distributors making sure they achieve the set
revenue targets. 
• Managing and maintain positive customer relations to meet sales targets 
• Researched the motivations of users and consumers to better understand
company goals. 
• maximized the sales development potential along with the sales department 
• Put forth carefully planned strategies to improve company business. 
• Fostering relationships to maintain existing clients, while developing new
relationships to attract potential clients. 
• Planned, executed, and led online marketing tactics, resulting in wide range
company advancements. 
• Assessed the strategies of competitors, while avidly working to increase our
own productivity. 
• Ensuring successful participation in national and international trade-shows,
exhibitions.
• Lead the marketing programs for branding and lead generation
MET-Institute Of Management
Social Media Specialist & Asst. Prof
January 2011 - March 2015 (4 years 3 months)
Nahik
• Develop and implement business strategies that increase product
awareness, market share and company profitability.
• Control overall company image across all marketing collateral in print and
electronic formats, including online.
• Content writing for website & social media pages, design and develop
marketing plan for National College festival MET Congruence 2013 including
Facebook, twitter, LinkedIn on ground brochure distribution and posters in and
around Nasik.
• Managing & allocating the budgets of various events at regular interval.
• Building a brand image resulting in market penetration.
•  Place stories in local newspapers and other key news outlets. Ensure
content placement in websites such as Slideshare, Facebook, and Twitter etc.
• Content writing Website, Corporate communication brochures, Event
Brochure etc 
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
G.H. Raisoni Institute of Management
Professor
August 2010 - January 2011 (6 months)
GH Raisoni has been one of the biggest education group in Pune and indeed
innovative in the way education is been delivered.
 Organizing and marketing the intercollege completion on Social media and
on ground activation 
 Ensuring online presence of regular college updates
 Develop corporate communication material
 Ensuring tracking of competition 
 Internal Exam Coordinator 
 Subjects Taught- Organisational Behavior & Principal & Practices In
Management
CMYK Press { Malhar Communictions}
Marketing Communication Manager
May 2009 - July 2010 (1 year 3 months)
Maharashtra
CMYK is a very renowned printing house with host of brands under them.
I have delivered excellent marketing and HR strategies which not only got
recognition but also great presence on Print week along with my article. 
 Design Corporate Profile of the Company for Print week Awards at National
level, leading to winning the award for the same got my article printed in Print
week
 Self-certification with Legrand which lead to further adopting the training
module in our company
 Management Representative for CMYK Press for ISO 9001-2008
Certification
 Design the corporate communication material and writing the content for the
same
 Manage the selection process for hiring the right candidate and sending
across various communication to them 
 Design and implementation of employee engagement events
 Managing corporate relation with various clients of CMYK and service them
occasionally 
 Handling the payroll and key Statutory Areas
 Conducting Employee Engagement events
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
 Collect market intelligence data of the competitors to understand the industry
benchmark and costing
Education
North Maharashtra University- Institute Of Management & Research
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Human Resources Management
and Services · (2007 - 2009)
Nutan Vidya Prasarak Mandal- Pune University
Bachelor of Commerce (BCom), Banking and Financial Support
Services · (2003 - 2006)
Nutan Vidya Prasarak Mandal
HSC-Pune, Commerce · (2001 - 2003)
 
Page 4 of 4
