 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pravinmohare
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Digital Marketing
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Direct Marketing
Certifications
Competitive Analysis and Keyword
Research Test
Microsoft Bing Ads Certification
Keyword Research Exam
Honors-Awards
Above and Beyond 2016
Most Innovative MarTech Award
Leader- 2022
Pravin Anant Mohare
CMO | Driving Financial Inclusion | AI Led Transformation
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
-Over 18 years of experience in spearheading strategic marketing
programs, marketing operations
& demand generation for IT/BPO & Software Services companies.
- Worked with large & growing companies like Hexaware, Datamatics
& IT firms like Omnitech Global,
& AGS/CIGNEX etc. in steering their growth and building the brand.
- Proven experience in setting up marketing & demand generation
teams from zero and scaling
up rapidly to provide long-term support to various objectives
including brand development,
sales pipeline development & new customer acquisition.
- Experienced in planning, implementing, and leading the overall
multi-channel marketing &
digital strategy across organic & paid channels to amplify brand
visibility, and followership,
establish a presence, gain insights and drive top-line for key services
lines and target markets.
- 13+ years of exposure in people management & leading a multi-
skilled marketing team. Led 5-
25+ members team. Strong leadership ability in attracting, mentoring
& transforming talent.
- Led 37+ international conferences, leadership summits, sponsored
onsite events, webinars &
thought leadership programs with reputed media, technology &
advisory companies.
- Engaged with top analyst houses like Everest Grp, HfS, NelsonHall,
and ISG to discover trends,
track competitive insights, gain global coverage & right mindshare,
and drive recognitions.
- Experienced in content lifecycle marketing & translated technical
concepts into solutions.
- Substantial exposure to cross-functional collaboration & managing
stakeholder relations
 
Page 1 of 7
 
 
across diverse leadership teams including the CEO's office,
operations, sales, practice & delivery.
- Skilled in investment prioritization, managing budgets as per the
annual plan, profit-loss
analysis, monitoring MROI, cost optimization, negotiation, and
contracting.
- Strengths include big-picture focus, risk mitigation, change
management & process
improvement, planning, resource management, and ROI.
- Analytical in approach, critical thinker, learner, problem-solving
mindset, self-starter drive, tenacious, proponent of best practices,
and a disciplined marketer tied with high work ethics.
Experience
Think360.ai
Chief Marketing Officer
March 2023 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Mumbai
Driving financial inclusion and creditworthiness for the underserved and
deserving recipients of financial benefits with innovative products like:
- ALGO360 (Credit Lending Transformation)
- AAmaze (Account Aggregator)
- KwikID (Digital Onboarding, Accelerated KYC)
- FlowXpert (LowCode Platforms Simplifying Integrations and Application
Development)
Infinite Uptime
Head Of Marketing
September 2021 - February 2023 (1 year 6 months)
Infinite Uptime is transforming the industrial health diagnostics space with
a Digital First approach. We provide comprehensive solutions around
Machine Diagnostics, Predictive Maintenance and Condition Monitoring
to the top engineering and process industries globally. Our promise is to
deliver maximum Machine Uptime, minimize Factory Disruption and elevate
Equipment Reliability for a stellar factory performance.
Datamatics Business Solutions Ltd.
Head Of Global Marketing & Demand Generation
December 2018 - September 2021 (2 years 10 months)
 
Page 2 of 7
 
 
Mumbai Area, India
- Reports to the CEO and part of the central leadership team.
- Responsibilities to design and execute growth marketing strategies across
target geographies and lines of businesses.
- Rationalized & streamlined the marketing process, oversaw the
implementation of online/offline marketing programs for accelerating the sales
process.
- Provided continuous leadership support across the board including sales,
business practices, HR, finance & legal, talent acquisition, admin, operations
for GTM planning & new initiatives as a brand advocate and custodian of
marketing
- Created new product/service lines and provided further depth to existing lines
of lines with continuous stakeholder collaboration.
- Introduced campaign management framework on Salesforce to track,
measure, report & analyze lead to revenue journey and a key member of the
Salesforce implementation team.
- Transformed the marketing function from a support function to a revenue
generation channel.
- Built a solid pipeline of opportunities through sponsored events like
SiriusDecisions, B2B MX & PluralSight, and more. Delivered expected
ROI through robust event life-cycle support right from evaluation, contract
negotiation, execution to ROI analysis.
- Made marketing into a destination of premium content for all BUs and LOBs.
- Completely reimagined, designed, and developed the company website with
100% in-house support and limited resources featured with fresh & in-depth
content, smart look & feel, easy navigation, best of technology stack, compliant
SEO & branding 
- Created a high impact marketing team with diverse skills for a multicultural
collaborative environment. - Set new performance benchmarks for team &
individual professional development by redefining KRAs based on annual
marketing objectives.
- Identified right type investments and effectively managed & tracked the
marketing budgets to the last dollar.
- Safeguarded company's interest, committed to its values and mission.
Hexaware Technologies
General Manager, Head Marketing BPS
October 2013 - December 2018 (5 years 3 months)
Mumbai
- Part of leadership team & head of marketing for BPS unit.
 
Page 3 of 7
 
 
- Aided the brand shift from a traditional BPO (Caliber Point) to a disruptive
RPA company (Hexaware BPS) in 2014 & key member of the global
rebranding exercise in 2017.
- Elevated the brand, its new corporate identity with a distinct positioning &
representing at major automation & outsourcing themed events, webinars,
analyst engagements, awards & research projects.
- Contributed to $52 Mn. pipeline. Added new logos including $5mn deal with
top-10 US health
systems company, a Fortune oil&gas firm & a leading NGO in India. Influenced
a strategic ABM
deal worth $40 Mn. with a top 5 global bank.
- Executed 11 large events with onsite representation & 5 webinars with top
event firms,
automation companies, analyst houses, & industry associations.
- Engaged with analysts to drive recognition & influence in the buyer
community. Gained
several mentions & recognitions for niche services in Everest, HfS, Nelson Hall
& ISG evaluations.
- Delivered first of its kind research on the ‘Adoption of Automation & AI in
Business’ in alliance
with HfS Research. Delivered key research insights across technology,
verticals, geographies, functional areas & competition to the key leadership.
- Won 17 industry awards for excellence in BPO & RPA with coveted wins like
ISG Future Challenge Award, ISG Paragon Award, and GSA UK.
- Managed a multi-skilled team of 4 experts including a digital & content lead,
campaign manager, creative designer & marketing specialist.
- Amplified leads output & outreach using AIIA.net's content programs,
LinkedIn Ads, events, webinars & email marketing supported by inside sales.
- Provided support to stakeholders from diverse domains, services &
geographies for various internal/external programs.
- Designed broad range of communications plan including newsletter, thought
leadership &
unique PR stories to build market trust & influence.
- Promoted and awarded “Above & Beyond” for superlative performance.
Omnitech InfoSolutions Ltd.
Manager Marketing
September 2010 - October 2013 (3 years 2 months)
Mumbai
 
Page 4 of 7
 
 
- Plan campaigns for 3 business units including infrastructure management,
application
development & business continuity services for mid-sized companies in APAC
& EU.
- Contributed 13% to the company's top-line & reported TCV of US$24.3 Mn. in
2 years.
- Delivered 6X growth in pipeline Y-o-Y with robust operational controls.
- Managed 14 CXO events with partners like IBM, PSG, CIO Klub to drive new
business.
- Travelled across India to expand the company footprint, meet prospects &
customers to
promote new solutions and nurture relations at self-sponsored at customer
events.
- Managed 10+ members squad to nurture CxO relations, driven sales pipeline
and acquire
new customer via inbound-outbound marketing model.
- Influenced reach and engagement across technology buyers & communities
using thought provoking
content like whitepapers, case studies, eBooks.
- Used Salesforce for best practices in campaign management, lead-to-
revenue tracking,
monitoring monthly targets, and management reporting.
- Work closely with practice heads, technology leaders, sales leadership and
business partners
for effective sales development & driving new business.
- Collaborated with regional sales leaders to deliver new leads, provide support
for deal
closures and marketing at every stage of the sales engagement cycle.
- Budgetary control of USD 200K annually for new activations and promotions.
CIGNEX Datamatics
Business Manager Marketing
May 2009 - August 2010 (1 year 4 months)
Mumbai
- Initiated the marketing operations & set-up a demand gen center in Mumbai.
- Set-up a team of marketers & demand generation experts for outbound &
inbound marketing
across USA with supervisory role of hiring & coaching.
- Developed marketing strategy, segmentation and targeting SAP solutions
and application
 
Page 5 of 7
 
 
development services for the North American market.
- Used industry as well as geographic trends, product insights and customer
pain points to craft
highly targeted campaigns.
- Acquired a media company for SAP services; deal amounting to $1.5 Mn p.a.
- Reported potential TCV of $2.5Mn for the most successful partner program
with Panaya
- Upgrades. Signed ~20 prospective customers in 6 months.
- Owned the content creation and dissemination of large spectrum of customer
facing content
like sales collaterals, custom decks, datasheets, case studies, etc.
- Redesigned the website and content to enhance digital engagement & brand.
- Set-up an email marketing strategy to acquire new opportunities.
Xoriant, DGSL, Knack, Microworld Technologies
Marketing & Business Development
June 2004 - May 2009 (5 years)
Mumbai
- Demand generation, campaigns management, target account marketing,
sales development
- [Primary Geo]- North America. [Services] - IT Outsourcing, apps
development, product mktg.
- Nurtured & enabled CXO relations via inbound/outbound marketing to
acquire new clients.
- Played a pivotal role in penetrating new target markets, market expansion &
channel sales.
- Acquired several new clients with a significant revenue potential.
Bayer
Internship
April 2003 - May 2003 (2 months)
Mumbai
Interned at Bayer Pharmaceuticals for their primary research on adoption of
anti-allergic medicines in the North Mumbai markets- 2 month
Education
University of Mumbai
MBA, Marketing · (2002 - 2004)
 
Page 6 of 7
 
 
University of Mumbai
Bachelors of Science, Chemistry · (1998 - 2001)
 
Page 7 of 7
