 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ram-
deshpande-864b741 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Team Management
Digital Strategy
E-commerce
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Mandarin Chinese (Elementary)
Ram Deshpande
Chief Marketing Officer at Lendingkart
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Experience of over a decade in senior leadership positions in various
industries (advertising, e-commerce, hi-tech research and KPO) and
multiple geographies (India, China, and Japan);
Hands-on experience of developing and executing digital strategies
and digital transformation;
Business Unit Head at Snapdeal (Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd.), an e-
commerce marketplace;
AVP and Head of the Visual Merchandising at Snapdeal; managing
a team of 120 people responsible for all sale events and customer
engagement initiatives;
Led the setting up of a Japanese JV between Evalueserve, Sony
Corporation and Hazuki International;
Managed large teams of research professionals in India and China
providing services to global clients.
Experience
Lendingkart
2 years 7 months
Chief Marketing Officer
April 2023 - Present (1 year)
Senior Vice President and Head of Marketing
September 2021 - April 2023 (1 year 8 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Cheil India
Vice President, Digital
June 2018 - September 2021 (3 years 4 months)
Gurgaon, India
Operations and business management for Cheil Digital, one of the largest
digital agencies in India,.
Focusing on Samsung's digital marketing, advertising and communications in
India across all business categories. 
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Special focus on online marketing and e-commerce services.
Snapdeal
3 years 2 months
Business Unit Head
January 2017 - May 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Led the digital strategy, planning and operations of the Kids business unit
(BU); responsibilities included:
• Seller and inventory management: improving availability of merchandise and
reducing costs;
• Sale planning: carrying out online sale events and digital campaigns for the
BU;
• Assortment and brand management: providing assortment width for a variety
of customers;
• People management: managing a team of 30 people in a challenging
environment.
Achieved BU level profitability within six months
AVP - Merchandising, Category Management
April 2015 - January 2017 (1 year 10 months)
Gurgaon, India
Snapdeal is one of the largest ecommerce marketplaces in India based in
Gurgaon/Delhi 
Centralised, structured and led the visual merchandising for all categories at
Snapdeal; this team had 120 people across the following functions:
• Merchandising and online campaign execution: maintenance of over 50 web/
app storefronts and promotions of ~60 categories and ~700 sub-categories;
digital launches of ~5 brands per month;
• Strategy and planning: visibility calendarisation, personalisation, and planning
basis affinity data; improved homepage conversion by 30% over a six-month
period; strategy coordinated with other internal teams (devops, product design,
marketing) to effectively track internal projects;
• Analytics for sale strategies and live reporting: enabling data-backed decision
making as a part of the business process with interventions for promotion and
user journey improvements;
• Content writing: execution of a process to improve ~20,000 product pages
per month;
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
• Discoverability: catalog management for continuous improvement in filter/
search coverage; 
• Creative digital design: 50 people strong ‘banner factory’ to delivery ~300
designs and pages per day.
Achieved 40% productivity improvement by implementing process rigour; all
guidelines, internal communication steps and processes were written down
with clear definitions of ownership and TAT. 
Steered a large team to execute multiple campaigns with zero downtime; all
events/campaigns taken live at 12 midnight with zero errors; examples: Unbox
Diwali Sale 2016, Snapdeal Home Weekends; Republic Day Sale and the like.
Evalueserve India
Vice President, Intellectual Property and R&D Services
June 2012 - March 2015 (2 years 10 months)
Gurgaon, India
• Managed a team of over 160 engineers engaged in hi-tech patent research; 
• Productised patent licensing services for better utilization and quality: 35% of
BU revenues at 30% EBITDA; 
• Executed internal merger of multiple operations groups to reach utilization of
80%;
• Set up and ran innovation teams for workshop-based business development
with clients in Europe, US and Asia; developed solutions for critical technology
and innovation related problems.
Evalueserve Business Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Associate Vice President, Intellectual Property, China
September 2006 - June 2012 (5 years 10 months)
Shanghai City, China
Started and ran a Evalueserve's IP China center for providing Asian language
patent research services to clients across the world. Formed a team that
specialised in searching and analyzing Chinese, Japanese and Korean patent
(as well as non-patent) literature and providing the analysis in English. 
Played various roles in the organisation including ops management, business
development, marketing, and people management. 
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Involved in the management of the China office for various policy and strategy
decisions and external relationships; built the next layer of leadership team
comprising local talent.
Evalueserve
Senior Manager, Intellectual Property, India
July 2002 - September 2006 (4 years 3 months)
Managed one of the IP groups in the India office of Evalueserve, a KPO
(Knowledge Process Outsourcing) firm. 
Evalueserve provides customized Business Information services (Business
Research, Market Research, Investment Research, Data Analytics) and
Intellectual Property services from operations bases in India, China and Chile.
We've grown at about 80-90% per year since launch in 2000.
Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
B.E. (Hons.), Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (1998 - 2002)
 
Page 4 of 4
