 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ritu-
nazir-8b83458 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
CRM
Business Strategy
Key Account Management
Ritu Nazir
Chief Marketing Officer
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
A dreamer and a believer, fueled by curiosity, propelled by the
power of positive manifestations, I am passionate about ideas and
people. I am driven by a constant urge to stretch possibilities and
results. I relish designing long term strategies, getting teams on the
same page and driving super-fast and flawless execution. This has
enabled me to ramp up business verticals and take brands to the
next level of growth in a short span of time.
I have almost 20 Years of experience across Banking, Life & General
Insurance with accomplishments in Marketing and Corporate
Communication, Public Relations, Direct and Digital, Customer
Service, Consumer Life cycle and Relationship Management. Ability
to devise marketing activities to set up & establish new projects,
strengthen brands through ATL, BTL and Digital, media planning &
buying with focus on accelerating business growth have been few of
my key focus areas over the years.
Spearheading the Digital marketing strategy for Liberty Insurance in
India with focus on Brand Visibility through Optimization of website
(SEO), SEM, Display Advertising campaigns, customer acquisition
through social media etc has strengthened my problem solving
and creative abilities. Process-orientation, deep analytical and
data driven thinking, learning new trends and innovations in the
digital space and leveraging them for business growth have been
my result-drivers. Understanding and defining the context in which
the customer is making the buying decision, developing the right
strategies that build preference among consumers and create
campaign which communicates the "moment of satisfaction" have
been few of the thoughts that I have always been driven by.
I love travelling around the world; it teaches me a hell-of-a-lot about
business and life, in general.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Experience
Raheja Qbe
4 years 11 months
Chief Marketing Officer
January 2020 - Present (4 years 3 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Senior Vice President-Marketing & Communication, Digital and
Customer Service
May 2019 - January 2020 (9 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Liberty General Insurance
Head - Marketing and Corporate Communication and Digital
November 2012 - May 2019 (6 years 7 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Yes Bank
Assistant Vice President- Marketing and Project Management
March 2006 - October 2012 (6 years 8 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited
Product Manager- Marketing, Sales Support and  Bancassurance
August 2003 - March 2006 (2 years 8 months)
Pune
Education
V K Patil’s Center for Management, Research & Development
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing · (2001 - 2003)
SPMR College of Commerve
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Commerce · (1998 - 2001)
Kendriya Vidyalaya
Higher Secondary, Computer Science · (1998)
 
Page 2 of 2
