 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/rohan-
randive-492048109 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Social Media Marketing
Integrated Marketing
Advertising
Languages
MARATHI
English
Hindi
Certifications
Diploma in E- Business
Diploma in E-Business
Publications
Facebook - Instagram - Twitter
Advertising Guide
Rohan Randive
Co-Founder & CMO at Blockchain Magazine
Thane, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Energy comes from experiencing new things, meeting new people
and learning more about the world around us. The potential to learn
something new lies in every conversation with every new person
met, every new place travelled and every new experience.
Core Focuses of interest currently includes : Digital Marketing,
Blockchain Technology and its development, Blockchain Magazine,
Sales, Business Development and Operations.
Experience
Blockchain Magazine
Cofounder & CMO
September 2017 - Present (6 years 7 months)
India
Blockchain Magazine is an independent platform focused majorly on
blockchain and other decentralized technologies similar to blockchain. We
are committed to deliver and present reliable and true picture of blockchain
framework.With one of the most reliable teams in the industry, Blockchain
Magazine provides the best research and insightful analysis. In addition
to providing latest blockchain developments, we also deliver conferences,
workshops and events for businesses, government and institutions.
We are privileged and honored to work with the best in blockchain. Our team
maintains the most diversified experience and knowledge and is reachable
across multiple continents including Asia, USA, Russia, Australia, Europe, etc.
FINAKLE
Co-Founder
December 2016 - Present (7 years 4 months)
India
Finakle gives you the right financial knowledge which will help you manage
your personal finances, develop entrepreneurship expertise, emerge as
financial advisor and earn your financial freedom.
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
We are not lucky breed who knows how to build, manage and preserve wealth.
Our Education System is Not Working on Providing This Extremely Important
Knowledge About Finances and Money Skills.
Self-Employed
Social Media Manager
August 2014 - Present (9 years 8 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Reach Ajcon Technologies Pvt. Ltd
Digital Marketing Executive
July 2017 - March 2018 (9 months)
Andheri
Labpulse Analytics
Sales Manager
May 2016 - February 2017 (10 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Education
Mumbai University Mumbai
Bachelor's degree, Electrical Engineering Technologies/
Technicians · (2011 - 2015)
Mumbai University Mumbai
High School, Computer Science · (2008 - 2010)
 
Page 2 of 2
