 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/roshni-
nair-9a1aab21 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
recruitment
Talent Acquisition
Management
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Full Professional)
Gujarati (Professional Working)
Marathi (Professional Working)
Malayalam (Professional Working)
Certifications
Mastering LinkedIn Recruiter
Assessment
Roshni Nair
Executive Search | Talent Consulting & Intelligence
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Summary
We, at Catenon, bring a refreshing approach to talent partnership for
organisations through our advice and solutions. You can leverage
our services and discover unmatched impact as you look to grow
your business.
Executive Search - If the talent exists we will find it. You can rely on
us to help fulfil your talent acquisition needs via Executive search,
International recruitment, Interim search and Executive Project
Hiring.
Talent Consulting and Intelligence - We believe in data and love
solving problems. You can leverage our Consulting and Intelligence
services to make better business plans, organisational designs and
recruitment decisions. We are the last word on talent intelligence.
Reach out to us at india@catenon.com with your query and we will
respond promptly.
Experience
Catenon India
5 years
Assistant Vice President
February 2023 - Present (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
We actively work on executive search mandates across APAC including the
Indian Subcontinent (India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal & Pakistan), China,
Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines, Taiwan, Korea, Japan,
Australia, and New Zealand.
-> Executive Search - CXO, Board, Leadership
-> Consulting - Succession, Assessment, Market Entry, Expansion, and Talent
Intelligence
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
-> Executive RPO - Drive efficiency and process quality for mid and senior
level hiring
Account Manager 
January 2022 - February 2023 (1 year 2 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Consultant
April 2019 - January 2022 (2 years 10 months)
Pune Area, India
We at Cátenon specialise in the search of professionals across the world, and
leverage technology to deliver our services. Our expertise includes executive
searches, market mapping, talent identification and acquisition, candidate
assessments and strategic hiring. We operate as a single, worldwide office
searching, assessing and introducing candidates from around the world to our
clients, no matter where they are.
With a physical presence across Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific and
Latin America, Cátenon works in more than 80 countries and boasts a diverse
workforce familiar with the ethos of the country, and language experts to
overcome any socio-linguistic barriers. Our team participates in international
search processes in different countries and cultural settings, combining
their local expertise with advanced information systems, global recruitment
strategies, assessment methodologies and Cátenon’s knowledge management
process to ensure homogeneous quality and successful search results on a
global scale.
Cátenon’s competitive advantage vis-à-vis traditional international recruitment
firms:
- We operate as one global office
, providing a one-stop recruitment solution to our global clientele
- We have a web squared (web2) approach
to deliver comprehensive results online
- We apply a standardized and scientific approach to the search process 
www.catenon.com
Infotech Resources Ltd.
CMO
July 2013 - March 2019 (5 years 9 months)
Pune Area, India
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
I manage end-to-end commercial activities including Marketing, Sales, Sales
Ops and Customer Relationship Management at Infotech Resources. I have
been responsible in setting up the Sales & Marketing Processes, Sales teams,
interacting with key client stakeholders and ensuring the sales objectives are
met. 
www.infotechresources.co.in
Infotech Resources HR Consulting
Account Manager
July 2011 - July 2012 (1 year 1 month)
Account Head and point of Contact for IR-HR Consulting catering to Mid and
Senior level Staffing through exclusive partnership with prospective client
companies. 
- Talent Acquisition and Recruitment
Infosys
4 years 11 months
Technology Analyst
August 2009 - June 2011 (1 year 11 months)
Data Warehousing, Worked extensively in Informatica and Teradata, worked
on ETL design models for one of the top US Insurance companies. Played the
role of team/module lead for large engagements.
Senior Developer
August 2006 - July 2009 (3 years)
Pune
Created code and design in Informatica and Teradata for large ETL
engagement projects for US Health Insurance Client. Worked on defect
prevention and quality analysis activities.
Also worked on CSR activities at Infosys. Co-ordinator for JYOT-Teaching
English to Housekeeping staff at Infosys for 2 years.
Education
Gujarat University
BE, Computer Science · (2002 - 2006)
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Symbiosis Centre for Distance Learning
PGDHRM, Human Resource Management · (2011 - 2012)
Tejas Vidyalaya
 · (1994 - 2002)
Instituto Hispania
Spanish-Basic · (2011)
 
Page 4 of 4
