 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sahildeswal
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Marketing Strategy
Digital Strategy
Business Development
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Punjabi (Professional Working)
English (Full Professional)
Certifications
Mobile App Analytics Fundamentals
Advertising on Facebook: Advanced
(2019)
Advertising on Facebook
Google Analytics Platform Principles
Honors-Awards
Panel Speaker in GMASA's India
Mobile App Summit 2016
Panel Speaker in Google India's
SQUARED Event 2016
Panel Speaker @ GMASA 2017
(Bengaluru)
Panel Speaker at World Marketing
Congress (Mumbai)
Featured in "Top 50 Influential Digital
Marketing Leaders 2017"
Sahil Deswal
Chief Growth & Marketing Officer @ Bobble AI | Ex-CMO @ Augnito
| Trell | Times Internet | Bigbasket | Most Influential Global Marketing
Leader 2022-23 (CMO Asia)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Summary
With over 15 years of experience across various B2C and B2B
domains such as E-commerce, Social and Conversation Commerce,
Media & Entertainment, Content, Healthcare, and Online Services,
I am a growth, marketing and business leader who can identify
and seize opportunities in competitive markets. I currently lead the
product growth, business and marketing strategy at Bobble AI and
Fan Store, a leading AI-powered platform that enables users to
create and share personalized content in both virtual and physical
realms.
I have a proven track record of delivering results in online marketing,
mobile marketing, product management, social media marketing,
brand marketing and management, PR & Communications, SEO,
ASO, SEM, digital strategy, affiliate marketing, campaign design,
OEMs, Telcos, DTH & ISP Partnerships, and team building. I
have also won the BCCL Chairman’s Award for conceptualising
and creating an app analytics engine that generated substantial
savings for the company. My role involves creating the core product,
strategising and marketing it on all channels, generating revenue,
and enhancing and maintaining the product and business growth. I
am passionate about leveraging AI and content to create engaging
and personalized experiences for users and brands.
Experience
Bobble AI
Chief Growth and Marketing Officer | Business Head - Bobble Fan Store
September 2022 - Present (1 year 7 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
The responsibility of leading the product growth and marketing strategy
including digital media, brand marketing, advertising and business
responsibilities for conversational commerce for Bobble AI
 
Page 1 of 6
 
 
Augnito
Chief Marketing Officer
June 2021 - August 2022 (1 year 3 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
The responsibility of leading the marketing strategy including digital media and
advertising and brand growth with a focus on global brand building.
Trell
Vice President - Marketing, Growth and Monetisation
September 2020 - June 2021 (10 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
The responsibility of leading the Marketing, Growth and Monetization efforts at
Trell, India’s largest
lifestyle social commerce platform with a twin focus on scaling both content
and commerce verticals.
• Manage annual marketing spends across the content and commerce
verticals.
• Lead the in-house team of Performance Marketing, Brand Marketing and PR,
Retention & CRM, Activation, Commerce Marketing, Content & Partnerships
professionals. 
• Focus areas include SEO & ASO, SEM, Product Marketing, CRM & User
Lifecycle, Branding, Influencer and Content Marketing, Partnerships and
Offline Marketing to scale organic and paid traffic, own on-site and app user
growth, engagement and retention metrics, track market trends and customer
feedback and tailoring the marketing route across online and offline to create a
growth and marketing playbook for the business.
• Lead the brand marketing initiatives via agency relations including digital,
creative and PR firms
for integrated output.
• Own the business outcomes including User Growth, P&L and GMV, traffic
scale up, orders and
retention and engagement goals.
• Strong focus on optimisation across organic and paid acquisition sources
including Google
(Search, Display & Video), Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest,
Bing, LinkedIn and
Programmatic channels for lower CAC and higher LTVs on all platforms and
re-targeting and
remarketing efforts across channels.
 
Page 2 of 6
 
 
• Martech Stack incudes Google Analytics, Firebase, Moengage, Branch,
Appsflyer, Adobe Suite,
Localytics, ComScore, Optimizely, Figma, Appsee, Freshdesk, Crashalytics,
Fabric, App Annie, Sensor Tower, AppVirality, Urban Airship, Clevertap, Slack,
Jira, Netcore etc.
Unilodgers
Vice President - Global Growth & Marketing
April 2020 - September 2020 (6 months)
Gurugram, Haryana, India
The responsibility of leading growth, marketing and product marketing
initiatives at Unilodgers (world's largest student housing provider).
Times Internet
Head - Growth & Marketing
January 2016 - March 2020 (4 years 3 months)
Noida Area, India
The responsibility of leading the mobile growth & marketing efforts of News &
Gaming business at Times Internet including User Acquisition, Engagement,
Retention and Analytics, Brand Management, Partnerships & Alliances.
Portfolio of 30+ mobile apps. 
Includes branding & marketing on Facebook, Google, YouTube, Affiliate &
Ad Networks, OEMs, Telcos, ISPs, DTH Services, App Store Optimization
(ASO) & Organic app feature on Google Play / App Store / 3rd Party App
Stores, Partnerships & Alliances, Product Marketing, working with app tools
like Google Analytics, Firebase,  Apsalar, Appsflyer, Localytics, Crashalytics,
Fabric, App Annie, Sensor Tower,  AppVirality, Branch, Urban Airship,
MoEngage to name a few.
bigbasket.com
Head - Digital & Mobile Marketing, Alliances & Partnerships
February 2015 - January 2016 (1 year)
Bengaluru Area, India
The responsibility of leading the digital & mobile marketing initiatives at
BigBasket.com
• Heading the digital marketing initiatives for Bigbasket for all platforms
including Web, mobile APP, m-web & other channels. Directly managing a
team & agencies.
 
Page 3 of 6
 
 
• Heading the mobile APP marketing initiatives in terms of new user
acquisition, engagement, retention, and user feedback, UI / UX based
functionality additions, enhancements, marketing campaigns & alliances for
mobile users.
• Heading the SEO & SEM including the re-marketing & re-targeting efforts to
increase overall traffic to BigBasket’s online properties including the Website,
WAP, APP & other channels.
• Heading the alliances & partnerships function for all strategic tie-ups, affiliate
channels for app acquision. 
• Leading Pan India marketing efforts & planning digital campaigns for all
cities, mapping to product & scalable revenue models.
• Managing campaigns end to end; both organic & paid for digital channels
including YouTube & Search Engine Marketing (SEM).
• Strategic role in the ATL & BTL activities across cities for BigBasket
mydala.com
Head - Marketing & Product
August 2013 - January 2015 (1 year 6 months)
New Delhi Area, India
• Leading the product team & managing UI & back end changes on the
Website, WAP, APP & other channels.
• Leading the marketing team & planning campaigns, mapping to product. 
• Strategizing, managing & executing campaigns for all social media channels
including Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn & YouTube.
• Planning all EDM campaigns, SMS campaigns, paid campaigns on Google /
Social Media. 
• Creating & delivering highly customized campaigns based on the marketing
agenda of the brand.
• Creating tailored strategy & implementation of work across the CAT A
merchant base.
• Conceptualizing contests & app promotions for brand & managing end to end
execution from conceptualization to gratification dispatch.
• Heading the core team of individuals who form the heart of the website in
terms of complete   content, accounts & affiliate channels.
• Maintaining excellent relations with brand vendors to generate avenues for
additional business.
• Business Development specific to social media, end to end email campaigns
& mobile apps. 
• Creating in house value added content to provide deeper engagement with
brand offerings.
 
Page 4 of 6
 
 
• Closely working with Technology team to deliver solutions on an ongoing
basis.
Neuronimbus
Lead - Social Media & Business Development
June 2012 - July 2013 (1 year 2 months)
Led the Social Media & Biz Dev initiatives @ Neuronimbus Software Services.
Involved in developing brand strategies, planning A-Z for getting a brand on
the digital space. 
My core work profile included:
• Heading the social media team, leading cross functional teams & project mgt.
for all clients.
• Creating & delivering business pitches based on specific requirement
analysis.
• Creating tailored strategy & implementation of work across the brand pages.
• Responsible for delivering high ROI on social ad management for several
large clients.
• Conceptualizing contests & promotions for clients & tracking analytics.
• Interacting with clients for mapping requirements and delivering need based
product solutions.
• Maintaining excellent relations with clients to generate avenues for additional
business.
• Lead generation using LinkedIn engagement & email campaigns.
• Creating in house value added content to provide deeper engagement with
client offerings.
Bloggers' Mind Digital Marketing Private Limited 
Word of Mouth Specialist & Consumer Strategist
April 2007 - January 2010 (2 years 10 months)
New Delhi
During this period, I was responsible for the following initiatives:
• Handling the web presence for Nokia “N Series & E Series” properties. 
• Driving conversations for client(s) across social platforms.
• Brand advocacy based on interaction with the online audience.
• Online Reputation Mgt. across forums, e-opinion sites, top destinations.
• Updating the social communities live from blogger meet ups, store / product
launches.
 
Page 5 of 6
 
 
• Assisting the CEO deliver effective business pitches to clients.
• Creating in house content for Nokia India’s product based online
engagement.
• Maintaining excellent relations with clients to generate avenues for additional
business.
Clients Handled: Nokia, Yahoo & Max Bupa
Education
Indian School of Business
Strategic Leadership Program, Executive Business Studies · (2017 - 2017)
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Marketing/Marketing
Management, General · (2010 - 2012)
Jagannath International Management School,Vasant Kunj
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.), Business Administration and
Management, General · (2007 - 2010)
Tagore International School (Vasant Vihar)
10+2, Business/Commerce, General · (2000 - 2007)
 
Page 6 of 6
