 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sanood-
basheerudhin (LinkedIn)
www.hamithzonitsolutions.com
(Company)
www.hamithzon.com (Company)
Top Skills
Laravel
Web Development
HTML
Certifications
M. Sc INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY 
Sanood Basheerudhin
CTO & CMO
Kerala, India
Summary
I have worn many hats in my career—software engineer, Team lead
project Manager, Entrepreneur. As a result, I possess unique ability
to manage multi-disciplinary projects.
- I don’t care who gets credit, I just want to achieve.
- I have big ideas.
- Lots of people do have big ideas. Execution is what matters, and i
do execution.
- I love making new professional acquaintances.
- A Social Media/Online Marketing Enthusiast with an experience of
handling some of the best brands online and managing their entire
social media and online presence.
- I love to be known for respecting people.
- I believe in joy of accomplishing rather than extracting.
- I'm the calm one.
- I run towards fire.
- An Out-of-the-Box thinker with a flair for charting out strategies
and contributing towards enhancing business volumes & growth and
achieving revenue and profitability norms.
- An Energetic and self-motivated team player/builder. At ease in
high stress, fast-paced environments with emerging and multiple
responsibilities.
- Excellent leadership, management, communication skills with
exceptional presentation and analytical abilities. Thrive in both
independent and collaborative work environments.
- Strong Business acumen coupled with analytical skills and
mathematical aptitude.
- Strong data visualization skills using graphs, charts and tables.
- Proficient with Codeigniter framework,Cake PHP ,open cart,
WordPress,joomla!,Drupal, JQuery, JavaScript and Ajax, .Net and
various Database as Oracle, My SQL, MS Access and SQL Server ,
Marketing in Online & offline MS Office tools, particularly Excel and
Power-point.
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Skills:
•Codeigniter framework,Cake PHP ,open cart,
WordPress,joomla!,Drupal, JQuery, JavaScript and Ajax, .Net and
various Database as Oracle, My SQL, MS Access and SQL Server
• Strategic Planning
• Market Research
• Analytics
• Business Development
• Facebook
• Brand/Competitor Analysis
• YouTube
• Brand Identity
• Google
Experience
Hamithzon IT Solutions Pvt.Ltd
IT Consultant
January 2016 - Present (8 years 3 months)
Ernakulam
Hamithzon is a blooming IT company in the Tech world. Our expertized and
professionally qualified team is striving hard to provide all round solutions to
your technological dilemmas. We provide top notch quality service without
making your wallet thin. Yes, we euphemistically meant that we provide better
services cost effectively. We value our clients and ensure client satisfaction at
its zenith. We plan analytically and execute synthetically and this makes our
service incomparable.....................!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Delexcent Systems Pvt.Ltd, Bangalore
Project Manager
April 2011 - December 2015 (4 years 9 months)
Bangalore
Jay4web Kakkanad, Ernakulam
Senior Software Developer-Web developer, Database designer
August 2010 - April 2011 (9 months)
Kakkanad, Ernakulamc
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Nexnion Solution,Cherthala
PHP Programmer
July 2009 - August 2010 (1 year 2 months)
Cherthala
Education
MSC IT
M. Sc INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, M. Sc INFORMATION
TECHNOLOGY · (2006 - 2008)
SN COLLEGE,CHERTHALA
Bachelor of Science Chemistry, Chemistry · (2003 - 2006)
 
Page 3 of 3
