 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/sarrahvohra
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Data Analysis
Creative Problem Solving
Sustainable Development
Languages
Hindi (Full Professional)
Marathi (Limited Working)
English (Professional Working)
Gujarati (Native or Bilingual)
Sarrah Vohra
Co-Founder & CMO at SafeStone| Student at SVKM's Narsee
Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I’m a management student pursuing Bachelors in Business
Administration (BBA) from NMIMS, Navi Mumbai. Before which I
was a science student preparing for a degree in medical sciences.
I changed the trajectory of my career due to lack of interest in
the subject, I believe that a person’s work can only be good if the
person them self has interest in the subject. I have varied interests
in different fields of work but I believe I haven’t quite found my true
passion yet. I have taken BBA in order to keep my options open in
terms of the variety of career paths I can pursue.
Other than my academics and my internship, I have keen interest
in various types of designing, namely graphic and fashion. I also
enjoy organizing and managing events. Being a person with high EQ
I understand people and their problems well. I have always been a
people person and my excellent communication skills combined with
artistic sense in design also make me suitable for different roles in
event management right from ideation to execution.
Experience
SafeStone
Co- Founder & CMO
April 2023 - Present (1 year)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
SafeStone is a Social Safety Network based platform that leverages a user's
social networks to connect them with the nearest sources of help available for
emergency assistance.
Phool.co
Sales Representative
June 2022 - July 2022 (2 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Represented Phool.co at Mahindra & Mahindra for their world environment
day event. Connected with various employees who were POCs to execute the
process.
Lets Celebrate Fitness
Intern
June 2022 - July 2022 (2 months)
Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Worked with NMMC on Single Use Plastic ban project. We took surveys from
the local vendors and came up with solutions to replace the SUP bags used by
them. I also volunteered in cleaning drive of Mini Seashore, Vashi.
Arosa
Research Analyst
September 2021 - March 2022 (7 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Worked under the co-founder of the startup. Researched and learned a lot
about entrepreneurship, Branding and women safety issues. 
Education
SVKM's Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS)
Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, none · (2021 - 2024)
Pace Junior Science College
PCMB (science) · (April 2019 - March 2021)
DAV Public School, New Panvel
Primary and Secondary Education · (April 2009 - March 2019)
 
Page 2 of 2
