 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/saurabhcmo
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Collaborative Leadership
Forecasting
Thought Leadership
Languages
English
Hindi
Honors-Awards
Need for Speed - 2013
President Circle Award - Goodyear
Jury Member - Campaign Asia
Awards
Regular Speaker in IAMAI, TiE, CMS
Asia and Adtech industry events
WMC Most Influential Marketing
Leaders - India
Saurabh Srivastava
CMO - APAC & ME
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
Growth & Marketing Specialist, having an overall experience of 20+
years, with 12+ in leadership roles
Multi-Industry exposure ranging across eCommerce, Fintech,
Fashion, OnlineTravel, SaaS, Gaming, FoodTech, Automobile,
Telecom/FMCG/Pharmaceuticals & Real estate (Proptech)
Having spent over two decades in marketing, media, strategy and
retail have a ‘history’ of building brands and driving business growth.
Excellent conceptual and analytical skills, ability to lead cross
functional multi-geography teams and achieve great business results
Experience
foundit 
CMO - APAC & ME
April 2022 - Present (2 years)
Housr
3 years 3 months
Chief Growth Officer & CMO
May 2021 - April 2022 (1 year)
Gurugram, Haryana, India
Driving all things Growth - Business Development (Market Expansion &
Profitable Growth), Marketing&Sales (Acquisitions, Digital Strategy, Omni-
channel outlook, Customer Loyalty&Retention, Community First approach),
Ops Efficiency (Tech enabled, Property Management System, Automation),
Tech&Product (Next gen Proprietary prop-tech product introductions,
seamless NPS enablement, app based on-boarding and engagement)
CMO & Head Products
February 2019 - April 2021 (2 years 3 months)
Gurgaon, India
Building India's first mega Co-living brand. www.housr.in
ixigo | Junglee Games | Knowlarity | DineOut | Hubhopper | Urbanic
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Fractional CXO  - CMO | CBO | Brand Strategist | GTM | Scale-Up 2.0
June 2016 - February 2019 (2 years 9 months)
Gurgaon, India
Independent Consultant (LT member) to varied Businesses (B2C & B2B)
solving strategic long term business impacting metrics.
Included work on GTM approach, Re-segmentation, Re-branding, Strategic
positioning, Digital Strategy on acquisition & retention, Building the right team
Jabong
Chief Marketing Officer
October 2015 - June 2016 (9 months)
Gurgaon, India
MobiKwik
Chief Marketing Officer
March 2015 - October 2015 (8 months)
Building the most widely accepted and preferred mobile wallet brand of India.
ixigo.com
VP - Marketing & Product Strategy
April 2012 - March 2015 (3 years)
Keep the brand alive and kicking in consumer's mindspace, drive consumer
insights and data to shape new products and continuously strive for growth
hacks! .........
and everything else like building a superior marketing team, brand & consumer
research, integrated digital marketing, campaign and budget planning, meeting
& beating traffic and success milestones and more...!
Goodyear
5 years 3 months
Marketing & Retail Head (Consumer) - India
July 2009 - April 2012 (2 years 10 months)
IMC, drive branded Retail program in India for consumer products, NPD and
NPL, build a killer marketing team
Group Product Manager & PR Interface
February 2007 - June 2009 (2 years 5 months)
Product Lifecycle Management, SKU rationalisation, NPL's and Asia Pac
communication & PR interface
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Media Manager
2005 - 2007 (2 years)
Established in Feb 1981, to meet the growing demands of a personal mode
of transport caused by the lack of an efficient public transport system, is the
leading car manufacturer catering to different segments of consumers
Key Areas of Responsibility & Achievements -
Handling the marketing communication responsibilities for all the brands at
MUL across media like Television, Print, Cinema, Internet and Radio which
includes Media Strategy, Buying, Planning, Implementation and evaluation
Undertaking in-depth market research and analysis of reports about Customer
behaviour, Usage pattern, prospective customer groups and making strategies
based on the findings.
Devising annual budgets brand-wise, keeping in mind the competitive scenario
and stage of the brand in its Product Life Cycle. All brand budgets worked
out at the beginning of the year and then quarter-wise analysis of forecasted
budgets.  
Pivotal role in all key media buying decisions and analyses. Eg: Cricket, Mass
channels, Entire Print Buying across regions and languages.
GroupM
Business Manager
November 2003 - January 2005 (1 year 3 months)
Gurgaon
Media Buying and Planning arm of the WPP group (biggest media
conglomerate). Specializes in providing cutting edge media insights, research
and media deals for its huge clientele base. 
Key Areas of Responsibility & Achievements -
Strategic media direction, planning and buying for brands like UNICEF,
Ranbaxy, Cargill Foods, Vodafone amongst others.
Dainik Jagran
Assistant Manager - Brand Development
April 2002 - November 2003 (1 year 8 months)
The leading Hindi publication from UP has ingrained itself into the daily lives of
the residents of this state as well as has forayed into and successfully created
a foothold for itself in other states like Punjab and Bihar/Jharkhand. No 1 daily
of India with highest readership
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Key areas of Responsibility and Achievements -
Complete co-ordination with media and creative agencies for all campaigns,
PR and brand development initiatives:
Conceptualised and developed Reader Panels across 5 centres from scratch
to understand changing reader trends and preferences.
Handled Research on Computer Gaming as one of Group's diversification
plans
Worked on Launch and Re-launch plans for the Markets of Jharkhand, Punjab
and Western U.P. entailing in-depth market study and incorporating major
insights as tools of Communication. Handled the entire PR for these launches.
DDB Mudra Group
Summer Trainee
2000 - 2001 (1 year)
Education
ISB, Hyderabad
Accelerated program on Leadership, General management · (2011 - 2011)
ISB, Hyderabad
Certificate program in Startegic Marketing, Marketing · (2008 - 2008)
Mudra Institute of Communications
Post Graduate Diploma, Communications · (2000 - 2002)
ICFAI, Hyderabad
Diploma in Business Finance, Financial Management · (1997 - 1999)
 
Page 4 of 4
