 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shaktiu
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Public Relations
Corporate Communications
Coaching & Mentoring
Languages
Hindi
English
Shakti Upadhyay
Head of Marketing & PR - Kia India | Ex Samsung | Ex Hyundai
| CMO Super 30 honour roll | Top 50 Marketers World Marketing
Congress list | Automobiles | Consumer Durables | Advertising &
Communications
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
Shakti Upadhyay is the Head of Marketing & PR Department at Kia
India, and has been the chief architect behind the success of Brand
Kia with its impeccable positioning in the Indian market. 
He has been instrumental in driving the vision, strategy and growth
for the brand through Marketing strategy, Advertising, Public
Relations, Digital and Experiential Marketing. 
Shakti is at the helm of the team responsible for positioning brands
like the Seltos, Sonet, Carnival, Carens and most recently EV6 which
have become case studies in themselves owing to their amazing
success in a short time. 
Under his supervision, Kia Brand has carved out a niche for itself
with a quirky, unconventional and impactful tone of communication
which has been consistent across the ‘Badass Seltos’, ‘Wild Sonet’
and ‘Extravagant Carnival’.
Through his long term storytelling PR strategy and the most
engaging, quirky, innovative digital initiatives, today Brand Kia is
recognized as a trendsetter and  the most successful recent entrant
in Indian Automobile industry. 
He most recently served as the Marcom Head for Samsung
consumer durables including Samsung televisions/ AV products
where he positioned Samsung as the most aspirational and
innovative Television range. 
He played a key role in bringing the Smart TV revolution in India by
launching and positioning the new age Samsung Smart TV, UHD TV,
QLED TV and other products. 
Prior to Samsung, he served at Hyundai Motor India as a Brand
Head where he launched the first generation Hyundai i10, Hyundai
Verna and handled other brands.  
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
An MBA in Advertising and Communication, Shakti holds a
bachelor’s degree in Chemical engineering with specialization in Bio-
Technology.
He is an automobile enthusiast and a gadget freak
Attainments:
• IAMAI Super 30 CMO Honor roll 2020
• Effies 2020 – "How a virtually unknown brand launched 2019’s
most successful premium CSUV"
• Kia Motors Global award – Kia India for Excellence in Digital
Marketing
• President Award for Samsung QLED TV launch campaign H1’17
• Samsung Televisions Brand Attitude survey growth award 2012-13
Experience
Kia India
Head of Marketing and PR
March 2018 - Present (6 years 1 month)
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Launched Kia Brand in India through establishment of overall Brand Marketing
vision, strategy and implementation including setting up the core Kia India
Marketing & PR team. Have been leading the Brand marketing & PR domain
for all products since inception viz. Seltos, Sonet, Carnival, Carens and the
newly launched EV6. Key responsibilities include leading Marketing Strategy /
ATL / BTL/ Digital/ PR/ Research. 
Samsung Electronics
8 years
Head of Marketing Communications
March 2015 - March 2018 (3 years 1 month)
Gurgaon, India
Demand generation of Samsung Consumer Durables through effective
marketing communications, continuous consumer understanding via
amalgamation of various data points & on-ground direct observations, enabling
creative partners to strive for sharper communication & idea outputs with
constructive feedbacks, Big scale media properties’ based campaign planning
& execution across mediums including ATL, digital,OOH & mobile.
Sr Manager Marketing
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
April 2013 - February 2015 (1 year 11 months)
Gurgaon, India
Brand head on Samsung Televisions 
Key role in positioning Samsung as the most premium and largest selling TV
range.
Strategic launch plans to drive relevance and create max local impact for all
global TV products.
Key launches 
- Curved TV
- UHD TV
- Interactive televisions
- Smart Televisions
Manager Marketing
April 2010 - March 2013 (3 years)
Hyundai Motor India Ltd.
4 years 3 months
Deputy Manager - Marketing
April 2009 - March 2010 (1 year)
New Delhi Area, India
Brand Manager role including ATL, BTL, New Product launch, OOH, Marketing
PR, Digital Marketing & SNS, Brand Management & CSR activities.
Managed brands like i10, Santro, Accent, Verna and Sonata.
Also contributed as a brand lead on Hyundai Corporate brand and lead media
strategy and initiatives for impact and launches.
Brand Manager
January 2006 - March 2009 (3 years 3 months)
Enterprise Nexus Communications 
Advertising Specialist
December 2004 - December 2005 (1 year 1 month)
New Delhi Area, India
Education
EMPI Business School
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Master of Business Administration - MBA, Marketing and
Communications · (December 2023 - December 2025)
 
Page 4 of 4
