 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/handasumit
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Digital Strategy
Brand Communication
Product Launches
Languages
Hindi
Punjabi
English
Sumit Handa
CMO at Fabindia | Innovator • Integrated Marketing Specialist
Delhi, India
Summary
Experienced Management Professional with 21+ yrs of experience
focused on developing and implementing Innovative Marketing
Solutions across mediums. 
Strengths include Brand Strategy & Launches, Digital Marketing, 360
Degree Campaigns, Demand Generation, Product Launches. Strong
affinity for New Product Development.
Key Skills developed across roles in Fashion & Lifestyle, Hospitality,
ECommerce, Health & Wellness, Telecom, FMCG Advertising
Sectors:
~ Brand Management 
~ Marcom & Campaign Rollout
~ Segmentation, Analytics and Data-driven Marketing 
~ GTM Project Planning & Cross Function Alignment: Activation &
Promotions, Research, ATL, BTL
~ Digital Marketing, Social Media & On-Site Experiences for
Commerce
~ Product Design and Management including process creation
~ Stakeholder Management (Internal and External)
Experience
FABINDIA LIMITED (erstwhile Fabindia Overseas Pvt. Ltd.)
Chief Marketing Officer
August 2023 - Present (8 months)
Delhi, India
Head of Brand & Marketing at India's most loved apparel and lifestyle
brand. Crafting a new journey that re-envisions experiences for the Fabindia
Community.
There'sThisGuy
CEO
October 2018 - July 2023 (4 years 10 months)
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
New Delhi Area, India
During the course of our journey with Hey Zindagi, we met many
entrepreneurs who too were sailing in the same seas as us - startups who
had knocked on multiple doors but could not find a comprehensive solution
for managing their brands need to be seen or heard in comparison to the big
boys.
There'sThisGuy has been set up to do just that - participate in 'building' a
brand - brick by brick, layer by layer. Right from scratch and with the same
level of zeal as you and the empathy (we still sail in the same boat) that a
Brand Partner is required to bring to the table. No questions asked.
We're the 'go-to' guys for you. All you need to do is reach out.
HeyZindagi.com
Co-Founder and Director
January 2017 - July 2023 (6 years 7 months)
New Delhi Area, India
Have finally moved in the direction of being an Entrepreneur with an exciting
new venture that focusses on delivering an enhanced quality of life to the
elders and differently abled in India.  
www.HeyZindagi.in helps in discovering new ways of sustaining independence
and fulfilling lifestyle for everyone living with physical and/or mental limitations.
And there are solutions that help caregivers too.
We offer specially curated products from India and abroad that complement
your changing needs and what the  Doctor ordered. Be it for Osteoarthritis,
Diabetes, Deep Vein Thrombosis, Varicose Veins, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome,
Frozen Shoulder or any other long-term limitations one may face.
Covering a range of Daily Living Aids, Safety and Prevention products,
Medical Aids, Home Maintenance and more, we continually work towards
building a set of options that deliver enhanced independence for all.
Do reach out if you'd like to partner us on this unique journey.
Utsav Fashion Pvt. Ltd.
Head of Personalisation & Brand Marketing
December 2014 - November 2016 (2 years)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
DEMAND GENERATION
Segmentation-based Marketing & Promotions for International B2C operations,
Email Marketing (Newsletters & Transactional Mails), Digital Marketing
Communication
BRAND STRATEGY & MANAGEMENT
Brand Plan & Organisational Alignment, Consumer Observation & Research,
Campaign Rollout & Management, Social Media, New Initiatives, National
Studio Photography and Product Images
Showspace Events Pvt. Ltd.
General Manager
June 2013 - November 2014 (1 year 6 months)
Build Unique ‘IPR’ Properties: Evaluate potential “Unique Entertainment
Opportunities”. 
Develop the Concept, detail project plan and manage Project Execution in
tandem with Ops.
Custodian of Concept Delivery – Marketing Communication, Engagement &
Brand Alliances.
Idea Cellular Ltd
Head - Brand (Delhi & Haryana)
February 2012 - May 2013 (1 year 4 months)
Noida area, india
Construct Annual Brand Strategy for Delhi and Haryana Telecom Circles
Develop and roll out Circle & National brand Campaigns
Engage and enable External Agencies (Advertising/Media) cum Vendors to
execute whole gamut of
Media elements
Tata Docomo - TTL
Sr. Manager (Marketing & Activation)
November 2010 - February 2012 (1 year 4 months)
Manage Brand Activation Pillars
Regional Marketing Management including Budget Allocation based on RoI
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
National Brand Activation via Radio/BTL/OOH/Retail: Create Activation
disruptions across Circles – Jeet Ki Ghanti, Mood Indigo, Keep it Simple Silly
etc.
Go to Market Strategy & Operations for product launches
Virgin Mobile India
2 years 11 months
Sr. Manager (Head Product Dev. and Activation)
April 2010 - October 2010 (7 months)
Lead a team of 11 managers to incubate the life-cycle of a youth only loyalty
based platform with a “Life-Inward" approach offering myriad 24x7 benefits
Develop U&R models based on loyalty, LBS and psychographics
Product Solution and Development with Partners - IT/mCommerce platform/
Customer Care/ Financial & Compliance Management. Product Interface
(Web/WAP/ODP) Design.
Sr. Manager (Marketing)
December 2007 - March 2010 (2 years 4 months)
Channel Marketing: Developed National and Regional Marketing Campaigns
across Sales Channels through Message customisation, Channel Engagement
Programs, PoS Innovations with SoE at 3%.
Activation (Events and Promotions): Managed a calendar of marketing
activities and developed
sharply targeted activations @ Colleges/Malls/Sports areas
Flower Valley Foods Pvt. Ltd.
Brand Manager
February 2005 - November 2007 (2 years 10 months)
Brand Strategy & Management
Drove Brand Awareness, Product Placement, Trial and Orders
Developing Marketing Strategy, tactical promotions with the Sales Team,
Advertising and PoS.
New Market Development
Last Resort
Brand Consultant
September 2003 - January 2005 (1 year 5 months)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Revitalize the entire Brand & Sales Experience in-store through perception
management for increasing new customer conversion
Re-introduce the Brand to current owners and influencers
Retail Interaction Design: Hand-crafting unique engaging exhibits
Consumer Engagement: Store Events, Visits and Contests to increase
conversions and reintroduce the Brand
Elephant Design Pvt. Ltd.
Project Manager
April 2002 - August 2003 (1 year 5 months)
Brand Management for Key Accounts
Brand Identity Creation and Communications Guidelines Development 
Retail/Corporate Space Design and Execution
Marketing Communication Collateral, New Media, Exhibitions and Events.
Education
MICA
PGDCM, Brand Mgt, Marketing, Communications Theory, Consumer
Behaviour, Semiotics, Campaign Mgt. · (2000 - 2002)
D.A.V.College Jalandhar
B. Com, Accounting, Management, Taxation, Business Law · (1996 - 1999)
Central Board of Secondary Education
H.S.E, Sciences · (1983 - 1995)
 
Page 5 of 5
