 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/tanyadubash
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Leadership
Social Media
Marketing
Languages
English
Honors-Awards
Young Global Leader in 2007
Impact’s 50 Most Influential Women
in Media,Marketing and Advertising
Tanya Dubash
Executive Director and Chief Brand Officer - Godrej Group
Mumbai Metropolitan Region
Summary
Tanya Dubash is the Executive Director and Chief Brand Officer
at the Godrej Group. She is responsible for reinventing the Godrej
Brand and has been instrumental in evolving the group to a more
brand driven organization.Tanya is a Director on the Boards of
several Godrej Group companies including Godrej Industries
Limited, Godrej Consumer Products Limited and Godrej Agrovet
Limited. She is also the Chairperson of Godrej Nature’s Basket.
She heads the Strategic Marketing Group (SMG) that guides the
Godrej Masterbrand and portfolio strategy, and chairs the Marketing
Council comprising of Group Marketing Heads.Tanya is a trustee of
Brown University, a member of the Brown India Advisory Council and
also on the Watson Institute Board of Overseers. She also serves
on the boards of the Customer Value Foundation and AIESEC
India. Additionally, Tanya is a member of the CII Council and is
instrumental in driving the India@75 outreach program. Tanya was
a member on the Board of the Bharatiya Mahila Bank between
November 2013 and May 2015.
She is AB cum laudé, Economics & Political Science, Brown
University, USA, and an alumna of the Harvard Business
School. She was recognized by the World Economic Forum as
a Young Global Leader in 2007.
Tanya is married to Arvind Dubash, an Industrialist.They live in
Mumbai with their children Aryaan and Azaar.
Experience
Godrej Industries Limited and Associate Companies
Executive Director and Chief Brand Officer - Godrej Group
January 1991 - Present (33 years 3 months)
As the Executive Director and Chief Brand Officer at the Godrej Group she is
responsible for reinventing the Godrej Brand and charged with evolving the
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Group to a more Brand - driven organisation. She is also the Chairperson of
Godrej Nature's Basket. She heads the Strategic Marketing Group (SMG) that
guides the Godrej Masterbrand and portfolio strategy, and chairs a Marketing
Council comprising Group Marketing Heads.
Education
Harvard Business School
Advance Management Program  · (2005 - 2005)
Brown University School of Professional Studies
AB cum laudé, Economics & Political Science · (1987 - 1991)
 
Page 2 of 2
