 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vijaymirani
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Real Estate Investment
Real Estate
Real Estate Development
Vijay Mirani
Co - Founder | CMO - Chief Mentoring Officer at VVMansions Pvt
Ltd. at VVMansions | CEO AND CO-FOUNDER at Villar Dubai
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
,     !
Vijay Mirani an expert in the field of realty, has extensive and in-
depth knowledge of this field.  It is therefore not surprising that the
growth of his business is mainly due to referrals. His loyalty to his
clients merits a mention. He has earned their respect by working
tirelessly on their behalf always offering them candid advice. As
a Chief Mentoring officer, Real estate Inquisitor, Seed Capitalist,
solicitor, Vijay adds a feather to his cap as an ex-Launch Director
with BNI which is an exclusive part of the Elite ‘Train the Trainer’
group.  A dynamic entrepreneur, Vijay is an ardent animal lover and
loves making every moment exciting.  
A zealous admirer of the Bhagavad Gita-The great work ethic-
Generating Excellence for the sake of Excellence and nothing
more !! Vijay  is a vegan to the core.  He applies the potent principles
to real life and successfully solves issues.  All his clients, therefore,
depend on him for his astute counsel. 
Major Awards & Recognition:
•  Most Innovative Real Estate Marketing Company of the Year: Real
Estate & Business Excellence Awards.
Experience
VVMansions
Co-Founder | CMO- Chief Mentoring Officer at VVMansions Pvt Ltd.
January 2007 - Present (17 years 3 months)
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Villar Real Estate Dubai
CEO AND CO FOUNDER
June 2023 - Present (10 months)
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Villar - Selling DXB
Real Estate Company
‘The right time to invest is now!’
#villardubai
VMansions India Pvt. Limited
Co-Founder | CMO- Chief Mentoring Office at Vmansions Pvt. Ltd. 
September 2008 - April 2023 (14 years 8 months)
Mumbai Area, India
Castles developers and estate consultants
General Manager
January 2002 - June 2008 (6 years 6 months)
Education
Mithibai College
BMS LLB, Law · (2004 - 2007)
gyan kendra secondary high school
 · (1986 - 1999)
 
Page 2 of 2
