 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vikasmishrahb
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Marketing Strategy
Requirements Analysis
Business Analysis
Languages
English
Hindi
Vikas Mishra
Executive Director & CMO at Hidden Brains InfoTech
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Summary
Mr. Vikas Mishra is the Executive Director & CMO at Hidden Brains
Infotech. He brings to the organization over 15 years of professional
experience at senior strategic levels across the varied domains
of Marketing, Brand building, Operations, Sales and Business
Development. 
While his key role involves managing the alignment and stepping up
of Hidden Brain’s technology innovation to enable a faster response
to market transitions, customer satisfaction and growth; Vikas
ensures that the Company’s marketing and business strategy is
constantly responding to the challenges and opportunities of the
dynamic industry. 
As a strategic thinker and member of the leadership team of Hidden
Brains, Vikas drives initiatives to improve the brand visibility of
the Company with cutting-edge marketing plans that has led to
sizeable growth in customer base, workforce and revenue. His
strategic inputs have consistently enabled Hidden Brains to exceed
performance benchmarks in the backdrop of globally competitive
business scenario - maximizing business performance, enhancing
profit levels while driving growth and productivity.
An inspiring leader spearheading a team of avid marketers to
support Hidden Brains business and brand strategy, Vikas is known
for his exceptional ability to successfully lead enterprises on a
global platform across diverse verticals. His motto in life: Everyone
who passes through our lives offers us something to learn. All are
priceless in their own ways, you just need to be open to imbibe”.
Expertise: Marketing, Branding, Advertising, Leadership, Team &
Individual Development
Operational Efficiency: Business Process Management, 
Project Management: Business Transformation, Organizational
Development, Restructuring
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Industry: IT services; Professional services
Experience
Hidden Brains InfoTech Pvt. Ltd.
19 years
Executive Director & CMO
February 2013 - Present (11 years 2 months)
Executive Director - HR & Operations
2011 - February 2013 (2 years)
- Directs internal operations to achieve budgeted results, and to facilitate the
investment opportunities
- Key role in strategizing short-term and long-term business plans and budgets
based upon goals and objectives of the company
- Directing the development and implementation of procedures and controls, to
promote
communication and adequate information flow, and thereby solidify
management
control and direction of the enterprise.
- Established and implemented company policies in sync with the CEO’s
vision and objectives. Ensures that all activities and operations are performed
in compliance with local, state, and federal regulations and laws governing
business operations.
- Design adequate and equitable personnel policies throughout the
organization, including compensation policies and employee benefit plans.
Preserve and protect the interests and welfare of employees as individuals.
Head - Operations
2005 - 2011 (6 years)
- Advised the management team on key planning issues and make
recommendations on important business decisions
- Strategic planning and resource allocation
- Established operational processes and ensured process improvement
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
- Ensured TQM of the company output pertaining to customer acquisition and
delivery of services
- Established and monitored performance reporting systems
- Monitored department performance against performance goals to ensure
organizational growth
- Conducted regular meetings with department heads to set goals and ensured
that priorities are clearly communicated and put into practice 
- Maintained industry standards and compliance with organizational
requirements for quality management, legal stipulations and customer
management
- Resolution of issues between departments and facilitated process flow
Education
Post Graduate Diploma in Management
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)
 
Page 3 of 3
