 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/yatin-
chaudhari-52a23919 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Occupational Health
Petroleum
Offshore Drilling
Languages
English
Gujarati
Marathi (Full Professional)
Hindi
Marathi
Marathi (Native or Bilingual)
Yatin Chaudhari
CMO at Reliance Industries Limited
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Experience
Reliance Industries Limited
CMO
December 2017 - Present (6 years 4 months)
MUMBAI
OPD CONSULTATIONS, OHC  OPD, EMS TO EMPLOYEES,CONFERENCE,
HEALTH CARE AWARENESS LECTURES, ATTENDING WORKSHOPS, IPL
MEDICAL CARE, PME OF ALL EMPLOYEES.
Mahindra and Mahindra Worli Dadar Mumbai.
Occupational Health consultant
August 2014 - December 2017 (3 years 5 months)
Dadar Worli Mumbai
M working as a industrial physician at Mahindra.looking after the employees,
clinic, emergencies all health related work.
British Gas
medical officer
March 2009 - July 2014 (5 years 5 months)
-Implementation, administration of a Sick Bay for 100 plus Personnel.
-Duties include providing 24 hour on call medical assistance; administration
of medication; maintenance of medical records. Healthy living, Occupational
health scheme and screening.
-Treatment of injury and illness by providing medical and surgical first aid
for the personnel on board, carrying out all medical procedures like I V
administration, Endo tracheal Intubation, Catheterization, suturing CLW
wounds, Abscess draining on board.
- First Aid and Occupational Health Programs for all Personnel & Water
Analysis for potable consumption. Maintaining Health & Safety programmes
- Align all medical practices within the relevant guiding rules and regulations
in line with formal medical legislation and Clients directives, making incident
report and root cause investigation forms
- Develop a working relationship with other organisations such as Emergency
Hospitals, medical centres. 
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Gaining mutual knowledge and assistance consistent with Project aims and
goals. Take part in training for emergency/crisis situations consistent with
stated plans and procedures. 
-To Audit and continually improve occupational safety procedures. 
-The arrangement of evacuation of patients and liaison with other medical
services, medivac for the cases that requires urgent attention for the treatment
in shore based hospital 
-Treatment of divers under pressure, and consultations for minor ailments. 
-Assisting in the implementation of medical emergency plans. 
-Giving advice on occupational health and on the provision of a healthy living
and working environment. 
-Undertaking routine health surveillance as required by COSHH. 
Regular inspection of food box. Weekly hygiene inspection
International SOS
Consultant
2009 - December 2013 (4 years)
1.Looking after Client’s requirements both Doctor’s responsibilities and QHSE
duties.
arya offshore
premium drilling
October 2008 - March 2009 (6 months)
Medical care of all personnel on board.
-Handling of Medical emergency and stabilize the casualty and transport
casualty to Authorized Hospital.
-Guidance to catering staff regarding the food Hygiene and health Hygiene.
-Conducting Helicopter safety briefing for outgoing passengers.
-Promote the safety process.
-Assist in maintaining life saving equipments.
-Correction and guidance to unsafe acts and condition.
- Follow up Job safety analysis, work permits, Work instruction. Safe system of
work. SSOW.
-Inspection of Fire extinguisher and fire station.
- Reporting of incident, accidents as well as near misses.
- Hazard identification and its prevention.
- Hazardous chemical handling, guidance.
- Maintaining HSE files and records
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Education
St Francis D'Assisi High School
SSC, Higher secondary section · (1997 - 1997)
Terna medical College
Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS), Medicine · (1999 - 2003)
Mumbai University Mumbai
AFIH, Occupational Health and Industrial Hygiene · (March 2014)
 
Page 3 of 3
